His ability outshone his genius. 
The writer was quite accomplished and on his fourth book.
He was angry and frightened at the same time. 
They rent out an apartment from their home.
The applause was drowned out by the cheering.
The new evidence helped his argument.
He said his point argumentatively, and unadvisedly so.
The poetry workshop was a work of art in itself.
She has a negative attitude.
She wanted to pack a bag for the day trip. 
He hit the ball out of the field.
The bar looked like an ancient tavern. 
That bear would chase you in a minute.
The beat of the music was soulful.
She enjoyed sleeping in her own bed.
Guys tend to like beer more than wine.
He preferred to be a big fish in a small pond.
The bird flew around the cage.
She had been bleeding for a while so there was a lot of blood.
The man had a very athletic body. 
The human brain continues to amaze us today.
The missing mirror turned out to be broken.
The building used to be a theater.
The fire would burn slowly. 
Banking and business make no sense to me.
The best camera has an unremarkable screen size. 
She carefully handled the roses one by one.
This problem proved to be a challenge.
This group often volunteers for charity.
The ambitious salesman was quite charming.
None of his clothes are made of mesh.
The pest control killed the cockroach speedily. 
Please change the code to make it run faster.
Her collection of precious antiques was her pride and joy.
The system crashed so he needed another computer.
Construction slowed down as soon as the last wall was put up.
To cook the fish you have to defrost it first. 
He couldn't count past five. 
His nightmare drove him crazy.
The accident left some serious damage.
He had to shuffle through the steps of the dance.
The punishment was dangerous and cruel.
To lie is to deceive.
His passionate proclamation demonstrated his dedication.
She deliberately and wrongfully hurt her friend.
The website offered free delivery. 
Ice cream is her favorite dessert.
She didn't understand how to position the antenna so that the device would work.
He can dig and discover all he wants. 
Her lunch is often made up of leftovers from dinner. 
Heart disease is common in the U.S.
Inject some more solution to dissolve the powder.
His insult will disturb her deeply.
Do you often deviate from the rules?
The hospital wanted to hire a new doctor. 
The man was able to rescue the dog.
The dressing would be thicker if an egg was mixed in. 
The driver felt it was his duty to take her home safely.
The boom gave the economy a big boost.
The election took place at the town hall meeting.
The electron moves in a wave. 
Her elegance exuded unexpected warmth. 
His shame was his least controlled emotion.
He felt emotionally and mentally secure.
The engine is in the front of the car. 
Everyone was so happy at the event.
This psychology experiment aimed to study human behavior.
She is extremely powerful in the workroom. 
She was feeling a bit afraid in light of finals coming up.
The first swing of the sword began the fight.
He wanted to see the fish in the ocean.
Hot air would flow out from the heater. 
She eats junk food on the weekends.
The dumpster was full of garbage.
I've always wanted a gold watch for my thirtieth birthday.
The experience was irresistible in how great it was. 
A gun is a kind of weapon.
His blond hair looked very attractive against a dark blue shirt. 
Someone had to help her to replace the engine. 
Her nose was hurting after the fall on the concrete.
That is an example of his misunderstanding rather than his ignorance. 
The illness spread quickly across the local community. 
It is easy to impress the unsuspecting countess. 
The invention could comprise the company's future.
The criminal was under investigation again.
The ghost was invisible.
For her job she works as a cashier.
The monkey lives in the jungle.
He had respect for her kindness.
The king is the head of the royal family. 
The queen was a classy lady.
This piece of land borders two countries. 
She tried not to laugh and had to gasp. 
The law would act to her benefit. 
His remains were left on the battlefield. 
I measured his level of consciousness just now.
While he is a troublemaker, he isn't a liar.  
The morning light was clear today.
The spell proved magic exists. 
She was pregnant at the time of her marriage.
That material is hard to rip.
A random mathematical expression means nothing to me.
Pulling the wire triggered an invisible mechanism.
Taking the medications has strange effects on her body.
I will pay you money for this. 
The trail went all the way up the mountain.
The movement was revolutionary. 
Part of the story is left out in the movie. 
His song was an example of her favorite kind of music.
The revolution restructured the nation.
The report presented the news in lay language.
I could hear some noise last night.
Her obligation made her liable.
She could get no relief from the pain.
His personality was greatly affected by his physical decline.
Philosophy provides a window to many perspectives on the same idea.
The picture was sketched on paper.
The pig and the cattle do not get along well.
The first step of the plan has been completed. 
The plant was growing rapidly by springtime.
He wanted to play the game, too.
Humans can derive a lot of pleasure from sex.
The young people in the building were poor.
Another word for jail is prison.
The worker had worked for many years as a professional.
The protection he provided gave her security.
The shopkeeper could guarantee good quality. 
The reaction the metal showed when exposed to oxygen was noticeable. 
I can't read that whole book. 
Their relationship began as an affair.
Church is a place where religious people go.
He took up residence in a nearby town.
The bus blocked the entire road.
She was pained by the odd reminder of her sad past.
The research facility is dedicated to studies of natural science.
Shrimp is a kind of seafood.
Someone will buy the car if you sell it. 
Knowing how to sew well requires an eye for detail. 
Many people find the model super sexy.
A two dimensional shape is flat.
Boat is another way of describing a small ship.
The show was still on television.
The sign marked the entrance.
The proposal was so unrealistic as to be silly.
She can't forgive him for this sin.
The skin on her face became red in the sun.
The candidate's responses are always smart and informed.
He spent the afternoon staring at the sun and smiling.
The best solution has the fewest loopholes.
The notions of soul and spirit are closely related.
The sound of her voice calmed him down immediately.
When she spoke, she stated the truth.
The star looked like an incoming meteor.
The student was in class when his mother called.
That guy is so stupid and such a fool.
The famous actress was extremely successful.
The recipe called for a whole cup of sugar.
The suspect was dead before they got to him.
The table is made of glass.
She thought the hot chocolate had a rich taste. 
The team won yet another game.
The rough texture of the table was surprising.
It had seemed like he had so much time the night before.
The tool he needed most right now was a saw.
The toy was so cute.
The apple tree bore fruit in the spring.
The case finally went to trial. 
He tried again later.
It is typical for her to get bored in lecture and rely on his notes. 
She was unaware of how oblivious he really was.
The writing was barely usable and hardly publishable.
It was frustrating how useless calling Customer Service was.
The vacation started with a perfect sunset.
The army was willing to lose the war. 
You can wash the counter as much as you'd like, it'll never be sterile.
She felt crummy and weak after the class.
She wanted to wear a dress tonight. 
The cold weather almost ruined the trip.
Not only did he willingly pick her up, he was happy to do so.
She used the correct word on first try.
Her ability and knack got her where she is now.
The accomplished producer was well respected.
He panicked at how angry his boss was. 
The floor above the apartment is under renovation.
The ruckus of the applause hurt her ears.
I cannot confirm whether this argument is more valid. 
Judging on how argumentatively she spoke, I'd say she's hardhearted. 
The tradition of art in this school is strong. 
His selfish attitude won't get him far. 
He put his wallet in her bag.
She could not pass the ball for the life of her.
Cowboys don't go to bars, they prefer saloons.
The woodpecker was not afraid of the bear.
The song had a catchy beat.
The cot replaced the bed for the night.
He grabbed a bottle of beer from the fridge. 
While he wasn't quite obese, he had gotten quite big.
The nest was just big enough for the bird.
She has been having issues with blood circulation in her legs.
Her body was very skinny.
The brain is made up of cells. 
The broken leg made the table unstable.
The library building has been around for years.
The cigarette could burn her skin. 
The company wanted to improve its business sector.
The spectrum of colors that this camera captures is unreal.
She performed the job carefully yet efficiently. 
The hardship was a challenge she could overcome. 
The social organization developed a new devotion to charity.
Her loveable laugh was charming.
Sizing a growing boy's clothes is a difficult task. 
The cockroach fed off the mold.
He saved the code quickly when he came up with a new solution.
He hoarded a collection of autographs of famous people.
Running the application made the computer freeze.
Plastering is an important step in construction.
If she wanted to cook, she would need a larger fridge. 
He will count backwards to one.
The crazy taxi driver was freaky.
The impact of the snow required damage control.
She learned how the dance in ballroom class last year.
Climbing that bridge was boneheaded and dangerous. 
How could he deceive her in such a devious way?
His dedication to his job is what made him so successful.
He ruthlessly and deliberately ignored her that night. 
The delivery date was unclear. 
Candy is a good choice for dessert.
The device was wired in a very simple way. 
The erosion made it difficult to dig.
He wanted a sandwich for dinner.
Type Two Diabetes is a disease that usually only adults get.
You won't dissolve the issue by asking them to disperse. 
He can disturb her as much as he likes, it won't affect me.
I do not falter when I know what I want.
A young brilliant doctor performed the surgery.
The shelter worker wished that more people wanted a dog.
Garlic made the dressing inedible. 
The driver could not lift the bicycle out of the trunk.
The economy spiked unexpectedly.
The council would hold another election next spring.
An electron is a miniscule particle.
The formality of the event added to its elegance.
Sorrow was his dominating emotion nowadays. 
Morally and emotionally the decision was difficult. 
The spare tire is up by the engine.
The event was a celebration of his life and work.
The experiment had a condition that turned out to be diagnostic of psychosis. 
She is impossibly kind, and extremely goal-driven. 
While he was worried, she was feeling fine.
The beast started the fight. 
His plan to find fish like shark in saltwater was just silly.
The minimal water flow reminded him to pay his rent.
He felt fat after eating that much food.
He threw the rotten apple into the garbage.
The yellow gold shone brightly against her skin.
If the first choice was great, the second was absolutely terrific.
Firing a gun can kill someone.
His moustache is a different color from the hair on his head.
You can't recover alone, you need a doctor to help you. 
His tooth was hurting after baseball practice.
His arrogance is striking given the level of his ignorance.
His illness turned out to be the flu.
Don't terrify her but impress her. 
The invention of the drink involved an unexpected element.
An investigation doesn't necessarily produce a charge.
The girl felt insignificant, like she was invisible.
As a coordinator, it is her job to organize the event.
The jungle appears giant from every angle.
Kindness and loyalty are two things you need in a partner.
The king was wealthy beyond belief. 
The princess was a young lady and newly married.
The island is mostly made up of uninhabitable land.
At comedy clubs people tend to laugh and clap at the same time.
He will enforce the law if she breaks it. 
The child was thankfully left unharmed.
Your salary should reflect your level of performance. 
The cheater had always been a major liar. 
The light from the window made her eyes hurt.
He doesn't believe in magic or witchcraft.
Dating and marriage are not the same thing.
Covering the statue with this material is harder than it looks.
Calculus is the mathematical study of change.
The latch was part of a bigger mechanism.
The combination of the medication and no sleep was not good. 
A good retirement requires having saved a lot of money.
I wanted to ski down the mountain faster.
This is a movement against communism. 
The character does not develop in this movie. 
The orchestra played beautiful music last night.
Over a period of mere years, colonialism shaped the nation.
She took a peek at the news before work.
The noise he heard was of her crying.
While reserved, he owned up to his obligation eventually.
What began as a simple irritation was now intense pain.
His compulsive personality is one reason why he is so neat.
Philosophy opens up the topic of existentialism. 
He will scribble a picture for you.
The horse shared its food with the pig.
The plan resulted in a total transformation. 
The artificial plant looked almost real. 
If you know how to play softball, you can play too.
Masturbation gives people pleasure on their own. 
The poor man felt powerless.
He got out of prison early on parole.
The seamstress was a true professional. 
Privacy does not equate protection in these parts.
The quality of the performance kept the shows sold out. 
The chemical reaction was difficult to explain in words. 
She read the information online.
The couple had recently labeled their relationship.
Religious people often pray.
The nearest residence is five miles away.
The tunnel cut across the road after the stop sign. 
A glimpse into the future could be happy or sad. 
The student studied many different kinds of science.
She ordered scallops at the small seafood restaurant.
She will sell it for cheap.
The pattern was too hard to sew by hand.
His girlfriend is so sexy.
A circle is an elementary shape. 
The pilot made it onto the ship in time. 
The next episode of the show would unfold unexpectedly.
The graffiti was a sign of his presence.
The silly rumor was just absurd.
Make sure your wrath doesn't make you sin.
Some think that shaving your skin makes it smoother.
He seems smart and sincere. 
The girl is innocently smiling at the stranger.
The perfect solution may not always be simple.
The goodness of his soul makes him glow. 
The microphone wasn't producing any sound.
She candidly spoke about her experiences.
The astronomer was observing a star light years away from Earth. 
Every student receives a scholarship based on merit.
The stupid secretary is just so incompetent. 
The scientist was successful at exerting his influence.
Plain sugar is the only kind he uses.
The police still didn't have a prime suspect.
The chandelier is hanging from the ceiling right above the dining room table.
The spicy taste lingered in her mouth.
The team set a new record. 
The weird-looking cake had a yucky texture.
The days go quicker with time.
The machine seemed a bit excessive in the tool shed.  
That doll is the perfect toy for her. 
The orange tree provided bountiful produce.
The lawyer meditated before the trial.
Soon afterwards she tried to call him. 
It was actually quite peculiar and not typical for him to act out like that.
She was unashamed of her status, perhaps because she was unaware of it.
More importantly, not only was the design usable, but reproducible. 
The useless task was just busywork.
The rest of her vacation was super relaxed.
The camp is not safe from the war. 
The dishwasher can wash all the dishes.
The competition left her feeling weak and mediocre. 
When you wear silk you have to be careful.
Summer weather brightens everyone's mood.
She willingly listened as he complained incessantly. 
The sentence was missing a word.
His ability and assertiveness made him an attractive candidate.
The playwright dreamed of when he would be called accomplished.
She's angry because I offended her. 
This apartment doesn't have a big kitchen.
The commotion of the applause was infectious. 
The first argument has a better explanation.
She pitilessly tore apart his argumentatively structured essay.
The art exhibition left many breathless.
Generally, her attitude is condescending. 
The leather bag fell from the shelf.
She could dunk the ball like a pro.
He learned quickly that most bars don't cater. 
The caribou and the bear could smell one another.
She tapped her foot to the rhythmic beat.
Napping in bed can be good for you.
The bartender served her a cold wheat beer.
Cutting down the branches of the big tree was a substantial job.
The only bird she could see was the parrot.
Blood began to fill the wound.
She felt like her body was frumpy.
Awake surgery is possible because the brain has no nerve endings.
She dangerously teetered on the broken chair.
Their building is a mansion just for themselves.
A blowtorch will burn all night. 
He wanted to invest in a better business.  
The camera shutter broke as it fell on the concrete. 
He creatively described the problem while carefully explaining the details.
A challenge is an obstacle to overcome.
The charity was improving its monetary allocations.
His charming smile was beguiling. 
That hat doesn't match his clothes. 
The cockroach ate the ant.
She added new code to the script.
Since childhood, she has been growing a collection of postcards and other souvenirs.
She has never used this kind of interface on her computer before.
The construction process began with flooring.
He thought he could cook when he bought the pan.
She was already able to count to a hundred.  
The animal had a crazy and bloodthirsty look to it. 
The possibility of damage kept her nervous.
Juggling dance and gymnastics was hard.
Aggravating the president was unpatriotic and plain dangerous.
His ploy was to deceive the old lady over a long period of time. 
Her dedication spurred her pursuit of the best caterer.
She inadvertently stepped on him and he deliberately pushed her in response.
The form of delivery was up to him. 
The dessert at the dinner was fruitcake.
She had to coax the device to get it going again. 
He didn't want to dig in the excavation.
Noodles from dinner were still on the table.  
The tumor was a symptom of a serious disease.
Dissolve the substance and let it evaporate. 
He can disturb and aggravate just about anyone.
You do get punished if you misbehave. 
The doctor was not used to dealing with patient trauma. 
Her dog's temperament matched her own.
The mozzarella was glazed with an oily dressing.
The bulldozer needed a better driver.
The economy was in a slump.
The candidate was up for election.
An electron affects the equilibrium of a substance. 
The grandeur of the home screamed elegance. 
The emotion that took over her after the meeting was indignation. 
Objectively speaking, he didn't get her emotionally. 
A hybrid car has a different kind of engine.
The tenth reunion was a spectacular event.
The experiment was measuring blood pressure under different conditions.
She is extremely and intensely motivated. 
The baby was feeling fussy all day.
The goblin fled from the fight.
After catching a carp, he wanted more fish.
The leak disrupted the flow. 
The cat food today consisted of kibble.
Trash is another word for garbage.
He chose the gold ring after careful deliberation.
The great waiter made sure the guests had a lovely time.
The gun had one bullet left.
Her hair is droopy in the heat.
Stimulate the area to help it wake up. 
Hurting her hip was the worst thing that could happen.
Their ignorance stems from their nighttime debauchery. 
The penicillin didn't seem to cure her illness.
Misdirect the attention onto you to really impress him. 
The semiconductor was a crucial component of the invention.
Suspicion spurred the officer to continue the investigation.
The spider web is almost invisible to the naked eye.
Recruitment season is the perfect time to get a job.
Ferocious animals abound in the jungle.
His manliness and kindness made him irresistible.
This king does not wear a crown.
The weird lady needed a serious makeover. 
A fence marks the border of his land.  
When I laugh I sometimes sneeze.
The applicability of the law is murky in this situation.
The unmarked turkey was left over from November. 
The threshold level is almost impossible to beat. 
She is a pessimist and a liar. 
There isn't much light during dusk.
The psychic performed magic tricks. 
Some girls start fantasizing about marriage after puberty.
Silicone is a bendy kind of material.
The mathematical simulation made the point clearly.
The mechanism had a handle that could be used to start it.
The medication was an antidote for his allergy. 
His paycheck means more money for the kids. 
The glacier was at the top of the mountain.
The movement was oppressive. 
The movie premiere had a red carpet.
I can't improvise music, unfortunately. 
Impoverishment left the nation crumbling. 
The forum argued about the news. 
The children's whispering made some noise. 
The contract outlined their obligation as guardians. 
Her migraine caused her pain.
Her subconscious impacted her personality in many ways.
Spirituality and philosophy are not the same thing.
Printing a picture is easier than it seems.
The whinny frightened the pig. 
The execution of the plan was preemptive. 
The leafy plant looked better indoors.
His business meetings require him to play golf. 
Forced pleasure is an oxymoron. 
The poor orphan wished for his parents.
He was no longer a juvenile and was sent to prison.
The skilled professional maneuvered her way out of the situation.
He wanted to avoid calling protection services. 
He was a stickler for good quality.
Dilute the solutions for a less dramatic reaction. 
The title was too long to read. 
Intimacy has to be maintained in a relationship.
Having grown up religious, he gave a prayer.
The lodge is set up like a personal residence.
The sidewalk ran alongside the road for a few more blocks.
The perplexing nature of the situation made him sad.
This applied science is very different from that. 
Seafood can be prepared in many different ways, like tempura.
The supply is too high for you to sell it for that price.
He is quite crafty and likes to sew. 
The pervert found everything with a heartbeat sexy.
The pyramid is a three-dimensional shape. 
The smallest sail of the ship ripped in the wind.
He thought the show was a bit melodramatic.
This was a telltale sign of love.
His unsubstantiated claims made him look silly.
Sin makes a sinner.
Her skin was prone to a pimple or two in the summer.
She is fearless and very smart. 
He was smiling angrily.
His solution is to end the affair in a discrete way.
The realization that he had a soul astounded him.
The speakerphone has great sound quality. 
He spoke pessimistically over coffee.
His star sign is Gemini.
The faculty to student ratio was rather high this year. 
He said a bunch of stupid baloney.
As successful as he was, he strove for more fame.
Sugar and butter are two of his biggest cravings.
The suspect attempted to run. 
He put the candle on the table.
The taste of the margarita had a slight zing.
The team was in the lead at halftime.
The jellylike texture of the milk meant it had gone bad.
They had to reschedule the meeting for a later time.
The most useful tool in the office is a stapler. 
The toy was jumbo sized. 
The tree smelled like spearmint.
A decision would be made today during the trial. 
He corrected the mistake and fortunately tried again.
Regardless of the situation, it is typical for her to call him out. 
Unprejudiced and unaware, she went full throttle. 
At least, the product was usable and distinguishable. 
She found it irritating how useless his presentation was.
There's nothing like vacation in paradise.
The soldier was sent to war. 
He liked to wash himself with bar soap more. 
He saw himself as weak and unattractive. 
I want to wear a handkerchief tonight.
The weather in autumn is bearable. 
Against all odds, he willingly and earnestly committed the crime.
Her nickname is a word commonly used to describe goats.
The ability to cultivate creativity is much sought after nowadays.
The accomplished choreographer awaited the performance.
I was displeased with how outwardly angry he was. 
Parts of the apartment can only be accessed by ladder.
Her applause was inhibited. 
This argument has no conclusion.
The opaquely constructed thought meshed with how argumentatively she attacked him.
The contemporary art left much to be desired. 
He needs to work on his domineering attitude.
He had a bag and a laptop to put in it.
Getting a puck can be easier than a ball.
That bar was their new favorite venue to hang out at. 
The bear found its next prey in the hare.
He thought that the beat had a good vibe.
The toddler crawled onto the bed.
She ordered a margarita after seeing the beer options.
His big feet were disproportionate to the rest of his body.
The bird poked its head out of the hatch.
Blood spurted out of the rupture. 
The body of the dress made her look shapeless.
A fundamental unit of the brain is the neuron. 
The disorganized room was full of broken things.
The janitor put a mousetrap at the entrance of the building.
The inflammable jacket will never burn. 
Her business needed to take out a loan.
The camera didn't focus and took poor-quality pictures.
The food was neatly and carefully arranged. 
The challenge's burden scared her.
The charity event increased everyone's awareness of the worthy cause.
The speaker's charismatic nature was charming.
His clothes are often made of flannel. 
In the kids story, the grasshopper and the cockroach became friends.
He could code like a pro, but he couldn't type fast.
He stole more than one stamp to complete his collection.
The infrastructure of the computer might as well be a black box.
The remodeling would require three years of construction.
The steaming pot revealed how well she could cook. 
I will count by fives to speed it up. 
The crazy demon was just grotesque. 
The inevitable damage caused by the storm was all he could talk about.
The Irish folk dance requires fast footwork.
It was unwise to take on that dangerous of a task. 
The plan was to bribe and deceive him quickly. 
Her dedication mirrored her commitment to the task.
He arbitrarily, rather than deliberately, asked her out. 
She wanted to intercept the delivery so that no one else could see it.
Yogurt did not replace dessert in her mind.
The switch on the device popped off unexpectedly.
The fossil was found after most people didn't want to dig anymore.  
Fondue for dinner is her favorite.
Abnormal test results indicated the onset of a disease.
Distill and dissolve the issue immediately. 
Conspire as much as you like, it won't disturb her. 
Do me no wrong and divulge the secret. 
There is no such thing as an occupational doctor. 
A dog is a great companion. 
A delicious dressing was used as a garnish for the entree. 
The taxicab driver was tired of the people behind him.
The demand for carpools was not predicted by the economy.
The poll was swarmed for the election.
The wavelength of an electron can be calculated. 
The simplicity of the garden's elegance was incomparable.
Betrayal isn't an emotion, though it may trigger one or many. 
An unsound judgment left her emotionally wrecked. 
The jeep's engine gave out at the traffic light.
The housewarming event was heavily attended.
Debriefing participants about the experiment is important. 
Infinitely grateful, he accepted the award for his extremely well-written proposal.
The cat was feeling grumpy and scratched the chair.
The gladiator did not want to fight. 
The gator eats fish like trout. 
The spout has a shape that inhibits flow.
She tries to get a lot of nutritional value out of her food.
The garbage began to reek in the sun.
The horseshoe had gold accents wrapped around it.
The spectacular view was what made the room so great.
The shooter threw away his gun.
The model's hair was voluminous. 
Please clarify how I can help. 
The child's bony bottom was hurting the mother's lap.
His complete ignorance explains his inefficiency. 
She contracted a stomach illness from the local food.
In order to impress him, titillate his interests. 
The invention rotated upon the push of a button.
The investigation was unlawful.
The wind is invisible and odorless.
The job position recently closed. 
The gazelle grazed at the outskirts of the jungle.
Her meekness outweighed her kindness.
A king and an emperor had similar roles. 
The debutante was presented as a lady.
This land is his refuge.
Her giggle was the hardest I've ever seen her laugh. 
House arrest is a restriction that the law places on particular criminals. 
She was left undecided after hearing him out.
The level of unemployment has risen in the last year. 
The liar became an imposter when discovered. 
He had to squint in the brightness of the light.
Tarot cards are make-believe magic.
She wanted to talk about marriage, he wanted a breakup.
The material has an adhesive side. 
The mathematical classification of the required course worried him. 
The man was proud of his patented mechanism. 
The formulation of the medication was updated recently. 
She wants to borrow some of his money. 
A snowboarder got stuck on the mountain.
While based on utopian ideals, the movement was important. 
This movie has one adventure after the other. 
The performer forgot his sheet music. 
Migration changed the population of the nation substantially. 
The archives contain all news since the 1950s. 
The rumble was the scariest noise she had ever heard.
The obligation was harmless.
Unless caused by impact, a nosebleed doesnít usually cause pain. 
His borderline personality disorder was recently diagnosed. 
The paradigm brought up in philosophy class confused her. 
Draw the picture in ink.
The pig got stuck in the lasso. 
The expulsion led to a change of plan. 
The windowsill had acquired a new plant. 
Play volleyball more often to get good legs. 
She would lie awake and fantasize about the pleasure of his touches. 
The poor woman was tormented by her faults.
She got probation and didn't have to go to prison.
The beekeeper, always a professional, stayed calm as they spoke. 
The shield provided little protection.
Their standard of quality is higher than that of most. 
Adding ethanol will produce a different reaction. 
Half of the literature she read was medieval. 
The brother's relationship was chummy. 
By definition, a missionary is religious.  
The neighborhood has a new residence up for sale. 
The pileup on the road didn't clear for hours.
It was upsetting how sad she was. 
His dissertation was in the field of material sciences.
He was excited to see flounder in the seafood section of the grocery store.
His hobby is to buy and sell comic books. 
She forgot to sew the last stitch.
The symbol of the cheerleader is very sexy in America.
Her body has the shape of an hourglass. 
The ship was off onto its next expedition.
The humor of the show was slapstick comedy.
The sign was inscribed with rules.
The play was ridiculous and silly.
The sin of a firstborn is never forgotten. 
Tanning your skin artificially can cause cancer.
She is genuinely smart but doesn't work hard enough.
Smiling faintly, she said goodbye. 
The solution is straightforward and hopefully effective. 
She wondered if her soul would live on in eternity.
That sound came from the keyboard. 
He spoke conversationally, not really listening.
The microcosmic star still shines bright. 
In preparation for the semester, the student reread all her notes.
Good riddance to that stupid project! 
Her successful career made her a legendary figure.
Unrefined sugar has a grittier taste.
The suspect committed suicide in prison.
The porcelain stood at the center of the table. 
Her delicate palate reacted strongly to the taste of the unfamiliar fruit. 
The entering freshman dominated the team.
The couch cushion had a plushy texture. 
He missed the time of the deadline.
The switchblade is a dangerous tool to carry around.
The toy became a figment of her imagination.
The sandalwood tree is yellow.
The defendant in the trial got nervous.
He tried to close the door, this time forcibly.
She assumed that this kind of weather was typical for the city.
Inarticulate and unaware of current issues, he makes a terrible candidate. 
The microwave is recognizably usable for the average citizen.
The trip was agonizing and quite useless. 
The vacation in Hawaii proved to be a luxury.
He did not want to know of any casualty of the war. 
After she could wash herself, she finally felt clean.
The project had a weak foundation and overall was poorly managed.
I can't wear something unbuttoned to meet his parents.
The weather report did not predict the blizzard.
She answered the prosecutor's questions openly and willingly.
That word is difficult to pronounce.
Having forethought is an important ability. 
The thinker became accomplished through his writings. 
Dissatisfied and angry, he sulked in the corner. 
The hallway in the apartment is long and skinny.
He caught an earful of applause on his way out. 
The statement supports the second argument better. 
She approached the conversation precociously and argumentatively.
Medieval art is not up her alley.
His humorless attitude is stereotypical for his family.
The trusty satchel was her favorite bag. 
The ball bounced off the backboard. 
The popular nightclub had added a new bar. 
The swan was not bothered by the bear.
People thrashed their heads to the beat. 
The bed cushions sagged quickly.
On this hot day she was dying for a pint of beer.
There was a big selection of a hodgepodge of foods.
The bird was holding the worm in its beak. 
Blood flows through the major artery.
The midsection of his body was well trained.
Neuroscientists research the localization of functions in the brain.
The computer was hopelessly broken. 
The skyscraper is the city's newest building.
The heat of the stove in itself can burn you. 
The business wanted to expand its physical property.
The camera display had numerous menu options. 
The house was carefully and flawlessly constructed. 
It was critical to the team that he passed this challenge.
The charity is a resource for families with needs to turn to. 
The charming toddler's mischievousness got him into trouble. 
Sports clothes are usually made of spandex.
The cockroach infestation overwhelmed her. 
The key to good code is simplicity. 
The item wasn't worth adding to the collection.
He was streaming music from his computer. 
The homeowner hated the noise of construction.
He thought you had to cook the dough. 
I can count the tally for you.  
The ritual felt crazy and animalistic.
Severe damage from the flood left many without a home.
He was found dancing the dance all the time.
The dangerous monster smelled atrociously.
She did not want to deceive him, but she was too far into the operative now. 
His dedication to the relationship meant he was very faithful to her. 
The decision was made deliberately and it unjustly cost her her job.
He wanted confirmation of the delivery. 
The jelly sandwich was practically dessert. 
The device was disconnected from the power outlet.
You can dig a ditch in a few hours.
I would like to serve dinner now.
The patient was relieved to hear that his disease was in remission. 
You won't dissolve the memory if you compartmentalize it. 
Restrain yourself and don't disturb the peace. 
I dare you to do that. 
He would consult his friend first before he saw his doctor.
The spaniel was a terrible dog. 
The dressing gave the marmalade a sour twist. 
The actress needed to hire a new driver. 
Unemployment continues to affect the country's economy.
The nomination for election was an honor. 
Calculating the mass of an electron uses Planck's constant. 
The combination of sensuality and elegance is hard to match. 
Her disapproval resulted in an emotion she later identified as embarrassment.  
The family solidly pumped him up emotionally. 
Engine is another word for motor. 
The impromptu nature of the event made it special.
A recent physics experiment led to an important observation.
Exceptionally gifted and extremely humble, Steve was easy to envy. 
His temperamental mood swings had her feeling sad.
The bloodline was worth the fight.
The divers weren't there for the fish. 
A liter of water will flow out of the canister.
He was devouring his food as she spoke.
The landfill is brimming with garbage.
He couldn't take his eyes off of the glittering gold.
The food was great and the service exceptional.
He aimed the gun at the target. 
He lost most of his hair when he tried to straighten it. 
You won't stabilize unless you let him help you.
The prosthetic arm was hurting her where it attached. 
Cut the tomfoolery and work on changing ignorance. 
Typhoid was an illness that affected many people back in the day.
Try more than to impress him, astonish him!
The invention was shown schematically on a large piece of paper.
The burglary did not lead to an investigation.
It was inexplicable how the boy had become invisible. 
The manager wanted to give up his job soon after he got it. 
The lion does not live in the jungle. 
The direct nature of his kindness was gentlemanly. 
The king is a ruler of his land. 
The lady has a keen suitor. 
In a faraway land, people live very differently. 
She tends to sigh whenever I laugh.
A new law doesn't work retroactively. 
He walked to the left of the room, feeling unnoticed. 
Step it up a level to increase the quota.
The fast talker spoke fast because she was a nervous liar. 
The storm clouds were clouding the light.
The mythical story made magic seem real. 
The newlywed groom could talk about marriage for hours.
The material will cling to your hair. 
Mathematical formulas involve arbitrary variables. 
The footrest could be extended by a specially designed mechanism. 
She couldn't get a new prescription so she took her old medication instead. 
Earn some money first before you take mine. 
The mountain had a beautiful summit.
The mindset of many in the movement was scary. 
He has to unlock the T.V. to watch the movie. 
Karaoke is not the place to hear good music. 
Globalization impacts some nations much more than others. 
The newsroom is where the news is broadcasted. 
She suppressed her squeal to not make any noise.
The stockholder has an obligation to keep his word. 
She had some bruising but felt no pain. 
His personality brought down her mood. 
Materialism is a point of discussion in philosophy. 
Picture is another word for a photograph. 
The pig was sprawled in the hay.
The plan was a demonstration of her goodwill.
The garden could use a new plant and some fertilizer. 
Sparring is his way to play with you. 
He was gay and gained pleasure from watching the men on the walkway. 
The poor girl became dependent on her family again. 
Sobriety is enforced in the prison. 
The lumberyard needs to hire a new a professional. 
She did not feel safe with the protection she was given.
Maintaining the quality of produce is becoming more difficult.
The impurity of the materials will hinder a reaction. 
He didn't read up on any of the relevant topics.
Her parents' relationship is harmonious. 
The chapel is where you can perform religious practice.
The location of the residence is sublime. 
To the tourist's surprise, the main road only had one lane.
The depressing movie made everyone in the audience sad. 
Economics is a kind of social science. 
Caviar is a gourmet kind of seafood.
The drugstore sells both prescription and over-the-counter medicines.
He chose woodcarving over learning to sew. 
He's a babe, that's how sexy he is. 
A typical cloud's shape is irregular.  
The voyage began when the ship left the island. 
She wanted to reenact the storyline of the show.
The sign fell from the roof with a swoosh.
The overblown statistics sounded silly.
The couple spent the night rejoicing his sin. 
The fragrance of his skin was delightful.
The fifth grader was smart and resourceful. 
The little boy was obligingly smiling at the teacher. 
A viable solution for global warming is hard to come up with. 
Her soul wished for something eternal to hold on to. 
His sound was on mute. 
The first grader spoke engagingly during her presentation.
The spaceflight uncovered a new star. 
This past term zipped by for the student. 
The stupid lowlife walked right out of her life. 
That woman is so successful that we call her a powerhouse. 
The tapioca is soaked in sugar. 
The real kidnapper was not a suspect in the case. 
The silverware looked beautiful on the table.
The distinctive taste of the cereal did not please him.
The prospect of playing with the team made him happy.
His skin had gotten a leathery texture over the years.
The calendar didn't have enough space to write in the time. 
The shears did not work as well as the tool shop advertised.
The water toy was inflatable. 
A hemlock is a kind of tree. 
The juror felt forced to take part in the trial. 
She hurriedly tried to run after the cat. 
He preferred the typical, conventional kind of pants. 
He was unaware of how uninterested she was. 
It won't be marketable until it is universally usable. 
The grueling process turned out to be useless.
She enjoyed being on vacation, a hideaway from home. 
I don't know how you could rebel against a war. 
You have to wash your laundry before you can go. 
The dismal building looked weak in the wind.
If you wear bloomers one more time, I'll scream.
The monsoon was typical of New Delhi weather. 
She fiercely defended him as he willingly took the blame. 
The spelling of the word makes no sense.
His unwavering intuition is a priceless ability. 
The accomplished publicist had more clients than he could name. 
Flabbergasted at the results, she made an angry phone call. 
The apartment has the cutest little nooks. 
The rowdy crowd burst into applause. 
The truth cannot be found with this argument. 
Beginning provocatively and ending argumentatively, he made a bad impression.
The irony of the piece was that it wasn't art in any shape or form.
His attitude about this problem is nonchalant. 
The umbrella was too big for her bag.
He gave the ball a quick jab. 
The bar had an urban feel to it. 
The bear ran from the rattlesnake. 
She can strum the beat on her guitar. 
He took the blanket off of the bed.
He was thirsty, but luckily he had lots of beer in the fridge. 
A bucketful of big strawberries awaited them. 
The bird preened itself for mating.
The blood in a vein appears blue through our skin. 
Outside of the limelight, the model's body was unimposing. 
The cerebellum is one of the oldest parts of the brain. 
The door hung crooked after being broken. 
The mosque is the lowest building on the street. 
The flashbulb may burn the curtain. 
This new business venture could make her rich. 
The camera reflex was too slow for what he wanted. 
She conducted it so carefully, that the outcome was brilliantly designed. 
The way he passed the challenge was formidable. 
I encourage you to participate in the charity fundraiser. 
The proposal was charming and rather gutsy. 
His jacket protected his clothes from getting wet.  
The pesky cockroach managed to survive.  
She needs to modify her code to take user's inputs.
She assembled a collection from items bought at auctions.
His desktop computer is pretty old. 
The workmanship of the construction company was amazing.  
To cook the stew, first warm up the stove. 
He will count up to fourteen. 
As crazy as the dystopia was, it was his new life. 
The amount of damage in the streets was unexpected. 
Walking the dance helped him learn it. 
It is unacceptable how dangerous these living conditions are. 
The motive was serious enough for him to deceive his friend. 
Her loyal dedication was demonstrated over the years.  
He foolishly accepted the offer that deliberately cut his wage in half. 
Because time was of essence, she requested express delivery.
The filling of the dessert was marvelous. 
The transistor was built into the device. 
While he wanted to dig, he didn't want to be underground. 
The dinner was super yummy. 
They didn't know the source of his respiratory disease. 
Demystify and dissolve the rumor. 
If you disturb the meeting, you might jeopardize your chances. 
You do have the tendency to annoy me. 
The physician preferred being called a doctor. 
The vet didn't want a dog of her own. 
Sauerkraut is sour enough without dressing. 
The driver hated loading in at the airport. 
The current economy is good for college graduates. 
The councilman didn't stay for the election. 
The movement of an electron is often discussed in thermal chemistry.  
The inherent elegance of the palace overwhelmed her. 
Her desire to feel a more positive emotion was overwhelming. 
While he was successful academically, he was underdeveloped emotionally. 
This car has its engine in the trunk. 
The luncheon was a monthly event hosted by the headmaster. 
Initial expectations didn't match up with the results of the experiment.
Unarguably the best student in the class, Sarah remained extremely competitive. 
She was feeling weary of his skittish behavior.
The warlock put up a good fight. 
Some love the water to surf, some like the fish. 
The turbine relies on a steady flow. 
Finding suitable food at the steakhouse is hard for a vegetarian. 
The sewer bubbled over into the garbage.
The paperweight was made of gold. 
It is amazing how great she is at getting what she wants. 
The blast from the gun was loud. 
The cat's whiskers felt like human hair to the touch. 
Reinforce the idea that letting people help you is a sign of strength.
After giving birth, her pelvis was hurting tremendously. 
I can't tell if it is your cockiness or ignorance that bothers me most. 
Luckily, he wasn't susceptible to the illness. 
Tonight, you will mesmerize and impress your audience.  
The new invention involved a reflective material overlying the glass material.
The investigation uncovered a scandal.
She was virtually invisible in the dark. 
The first month on the job is under supervision. 
A new species of frog were recently discovered in the jungle. 
Piety and kindness were practiced at school. 
The king is not a dictator. 
The darling of the society was a lady from New York. 
A swamp shouldn't be classified as land. 
He spit out his water when he had to laugh. 
All I want is to overturn that law. 
His question was left unanswered. 
He performs at a greater level than his coworkers. 
The faker became a full-blown liar. 
The light reflected off of the window.  
The magician cast his magic on her. 
Marriage advice is probably a good thing to get. 
Scientists keep working on creating an unbreakable material. 
The article made some generalizations based on solid mathematical grounds. 
He was able to fix the mechanism in no time.
This medication proved to be essential to his well-being.  
I need to withdraw some money before we go out. 
The mountain has a steep slope. 
Many radical people took part in the movement. 
A movie doesn't have episodes, it has sequels. 
Elevator music is usually instrumental. 
A small nation initiated the war, which began with an invasion of nearby territories. 
I learned a lot of gossip on the news today. 
The noise was a low-pitched growl. 
His boss refused to disclose the exact details of the obligation. 
The pain from the stomachache was unbearable. 
That trait is a big part of her overt personality. 
She loved philosophy and remained agnostic. 
The letter contained a picture. 
The bigger pig was a stud. 
Following the plan is essential for success. 
He watered the plant after the third reminder. 
The competition forces you to play well. 
Sexual pleasure is a taboo topic in some cultures. 
The unlucky man quickly became poor. 
The interrogation took place in prison.
The ultrasound technician needed another professional's opinion. 
He found protection by staying inside the house.
Cleanliness is the first commandment in quality. 
The concentration will bear impact on the reaction. 
He read the documentation of the case last night. 
Their working relationship was amicable. 
The religious man was pious. 
She wished she could take up residence in the hotel. 
The tollbooth was at the end of the road. 
The moment was noteworthy yet sad. 
The article was published in her favorite science journal. 
Chowder is made with different kinds of seafood.
I will sell secondhand clothes for a living. 
The artisan could sew the most beautiful gowns. 
Knowing how to seduce someone is sexy. 
The dimensions of the table made it an odd shape. 
The yacht was the owner's favorite ship. 
This sitcom has been around longer than that show.
The sign hung from the billboard. 
The news story was silly and unfounded. 
The extent of the sin was an abomination. 
A vampire's skin can shimmer in the sun. 
Too trusting but smart, she managed to get out of the situation. 
The woman was found smiling wistfully out the window. 
Her solution was affordable for all parties. 
His discovery of his soul was a blessing. 
She was broadcasting the sound across the field. 
He spoke tellingly about the situation. 
She liked that her star sign was Capricorn. 
Only one student in the class was bilingual. 
She calls her ex a jackass, I just think he is stupid. 
He had been successful in the sixties. 
Powdered sugar can be very messy. 
The suspect's motive was senseless. 
The chrome table had a very modern look. 
She enjoyed the aroma and taste of the mousse.
The team lineup was daunting 
The sticky texture of the floor was disgusting. 
Tomorrow is a better time for her. 
The best tool for crushing has yet to be determined. 
The dinky toy kept the cat preoccupied. 
The twig broke off of the tree. 
The trial was a chance for the attorney to show his expertise. 
He abandoned the endeavor after she tried and failed. 
She was accustomed to a more typical kind of interaction. 
He was unaware and unequipped for the gravity of the situation. 
The usable parts are all salvageable. 
The excruciating demands at work made her feel useless. 
For their honeymoon, they had a vacation in France. 
The battlefield of the war expanded quickly. 
The maid was asked to wash the floor. 
His pitch was weak and generally amateurish.  
I like to wear sheath-like material. 
The balmy weather was good for their skin. 
The interviewer consistently attacked him as he willingly obliged. 
I can't seem to translate that word. 