His ability outshone his genius. 
The accomplished writer loves to read. 
He was both angry and frightened. 
They rent out the apartment in their home.
The cheering drowned out the applause.
The new evidence helped his argument.
He unadvisedly spoke argumentatively.
The poetry workshop was a work of art.
She has a negative attitude.
She wants to pack a bag for the day trip. 
He hit the ball out of the field.
The bar looked like an ancient tavern. 
Watch out, that bear will chase you.
The beat of the music was soulful.
She enjoyed sleeping in her own bed.
Guys tend to like beer more than wine.
He wants to be a big fish in a small pond.
The bird flew around the cage.
She was bleeding and lost a lot of blood.
The man had a very athletic body. 
The human brain still amazes us today.
The broken mirror went missing. 
The building used to be a theater.
The fire would burn slowly. 
Banking and business make no sense to me.
The best camera looks unremarkable. 
She carefully handled the roses.
This problem proved to be a challenge.
This group often volunteers for charity.
The ambitious salesman was quite charming.
None of his clothes are made of mesh.
The pest control killed the cockroach. 
Change the code to make it run faster.
She loves her collection of antiques. 
The system crash destroyed the computer.  
Construction slowed down at the last wall.
Defrost the fish before you cook it.  
He couldn't count past five. 
His nightmare drove him crazy.
The accident left some serious damage.
Just shuffle through the dance steps.
The punishment was dangerous and cruel.
To lie is to deceive.
His dedication shows how passionate he is.
She deliberately and wrongfully hurt him.
The website offered free delivery. 
Ice cream is her favorite dessert.
The device has a finicky antenna. 
He can dig and discover all he wants. 
Her lunch is often leftovers from dinner. 
Heart disease is common in the U.S.
Inject a solution to dissolve the powder.
His insult will disturb her deeply.
Do you often deviate from the rules?
The hospital wanted to hire a new doctor. 
The man was able to rescue the dog.
The thicker dressing has egg in it.  
The driver had a duty to take her home.
The boom gave the economy a big boost.
The election took place at the meeting.
The electron moves in a wave. 
Her elegance exuded unexpected warmth. 
His shame is his least controlled emotion.
He felt emotionally and mentally secure.
The engine is in the front of the car. 
Everyone was so happy at the event.
This experiment aims to study human behavior.
Her written work is extremely powerful. 
Finals left her feeling afraid for her grade.
The first sword swing began the fight.
He wanted to see the fish in the ocean.
Hot air would flow out from the heater. 
She eats junk food on the weekends.
The dumpster was full of garbage.
I want a gold watch for my thirtieth.
The great experience became irresistible. 
A gun is a kind of weapon.
His blond hair looks good with blue. 
Someone had to help her replace the engine. 
Her nose is still hurting after the fall.
Blame his frailty rather than his ignorance. 
The illness spread across the community. 
You impress the unsuspecting countess. 
The invention will comprise his integrity.
The criminal is under investigation again.
The ghost was invisible.
For her job she works as a cashier.
The monkey lives in the jungle.
He had respect for her kindness.
The king is the head of the royal family. 
The queen was a classy lady.
This piece of land borders two countries. 
She tried not to laugh and had to gasp. 
The law would act to her benefit. 
His remains were left on the battlefield. 
I just measured his level of consciousness.
He’s a troublemaker, not a liar.   
The morning light was clear today.
The spell proved magic exists. 
She got pregnant before her marriage.
That material is hard to rip.
It’s a random mathematical expression to me.
Pull the wire to trigger a mechanism.
The medication has strange effects on her.
I will pay you money for this. 
The trail ends halfway up the mountain.
The movement was revolutionary. 
This story is left out of the movie. 
This song is like her favorite kind of music.
The revolution restructured the nation.
The report presents the news in lay language.
I could hear some noise last night.
Her obligation made her liable.
She could get no relief from the pain.
His personality changes with his stress.
Philosophy provides many perspectives.
The picture was sketched on paper.
The pig and cattle do not get along well.
The first step of the plan is now complete. 
The plant was growing fast by springtime.
He wanted to play the game, too.
People have sex for pleasure.  
The young people were poor.
Another word for jail is prison.
The worker is a veteran professional.
She found security in his protection.
The shopkeeper will guarantee good quality. 
Oxygen and metal create a reaction. 
I can't read that whole book. 
Their relationship began as an affair.
Religious people often go to church. 
He took up residence in a nearby town.
The bus blocked the entire road.
The reminder of her sad past hurt her. 
The facility is used for science research.
Shrimp is a kind of seafood.
Someone will buy the car if you sell it. 
You need an eye for detail to sew. 
Many people find the model super sexy.
A two dimensional shape is flat.
Boat is another name for a small ship.
The show was still on television.
The sign marked the entrance.
The unrealistic proposal was just silly. 
She can't forgive him for this sin.
The skin on her face turns red in the sun.
The informed candidate has smart responses.
Smiling, he stayed staring at the sun. 
The best solution has the least loopholes.
The soul and spirit are closely related.
The sound of her voice will resonate. 
When she spoke, she stated the truth.
The star looked like an incoming meteor.
The student was in class when his aunt called.
That guy is so stupid and such a fool.
The successful actress is extremely famous.
The recipe called for a cup of sugar.
The suspect was dead before they got there.
The table is made of glass.
She says the hot chocolate had a rich taste. 
The team won yet another game.
The table’s rough texture surprised him.
He has a lot of time before the event. 
He needed any tool other than a saw. 
The toy was so cute.
The apple tree bore fruit in the spring.
The case finally went to trial. 
He tried again later.
It was typical for him to rely on her. 
She is unaware of how oblivious he is.
The writing is usable but barely publishable.
Useless help desks are frustrating. 
The vacation started with a perfect sunset.
The army was willing to lose the war. 
To make the counter sterile, wash it. 
She felt crummy and weak after the class.
She wanted to wear a dress tonight. 
The cold weather almost ruined the trip.
A happy kid, he willingly smiled. 
She used the correct word on her first try.
Her ability and knack for it got her here.
The accomplished producer is well respected.
He panicked at how angry his boss was. 
This apartment floor is under renovation.
The ruckus of the applause hurt her ears.
I will confirm the more valid argument. 
The hardhearted woman speaks argumentatively.  
The school has a strong tradition of art. 
His selfish attitude won't get him far. 
He put his wallet in her bag.
She can’t pass the ball for the life of her.
Cowboys go to saloons instead of bars.
The woodpecker was not afraid of the bear.
The song had a catchy beat.
The cot replaced the bed for the night.
He can grab a bottle of beer from here. 
While he isn’t obese, he is quite big.
The nest was just big enough for the bird.
The blood circulation in her legs is bad.
Her body was very skinny.
The brain is made up of cells. 
The broken leg made the table unstable.
The library building is pretty old.  
The cigarette could burn her skin. 
The company will improve its business sector.
The camera captures a lot of colors. 
She carefully and efficiently did the job. 
The hardship is a challenge she will defeat. 
The organization has a new devotion to charity.
Her loveable laugh was charming.
Sizing a young boy's clothes is difficult. 
The cockroach fed off the mold.
The new solution could save the code. 
He hoarded a collection of autographs.
Running the application freezes the computer.
Plastering is the next step in construction.
If she wants to cook, she needs a fridge. 
He will count backwards to one.
The crazy taxi driver was freaky.
The snow’s impact required damage control.
She can dance in the ballroom course. 
Climbing that dangerous bridge is boneheaded. 
He’s devious enough to deceive her. 
His dedication makes him so successful. 
He ruthlessly and deliberately ignored her. 
The delivery date was unclear. 
Candy is a good choice for dessert.
The device is wired very simply. 
The erosion made it difficult to dig.
He wanted a sandwich for dinner.
Type Two Diabetes is an adult disease.
Disperse the chunks in fluid to dissolve them
His affect will begin to disturb me soon. 
I do not falter when I know what I want.
A brilliant doctor performed the surgery.
The shelter worker took care of the dog.  
Garlic made the dressing inedible. 
The driver can’t lift the box out of the trunk.
The economy spiked unexpectedly.
The council has an election next spring.
An electron is a miniscule particle.
The event’s formality screams elegance. 
Sorrow is his dominating emotion nowadays. 
Morally and emotionally, it is difficult. 
The spare tire is up by the engine.
The event is a celebration of his life.
The experiment is diagnostic of psychosis. 
She is impossibly kind and extremely driven. 
While he is worried, she is feeling fine.
The beast started the fight. 
He plans to find sharks and other fish.  
The water flow reminds him to pay his rent.
He felt fat after eating that much food.
He threw the rotten apple into the garbage.
The yellow gold shines brightly in the sun.
You are great but aim to be terrific. 
Firing a gun can kill someone.
His moustache hair is a strange color.  
You can't recover without a doctor to help you
His tooth was hurting after practice.
His striking ignorance upholds his arrogance.  
His illness turned out to be the flu.
Don't terrify her but impress her. 
The invention involves an unexpected element.
An investigation can produce a charge.
The girl felt insignificant and invisible.
The coordinator's job is to organize. 
The jungle appears giant from every angle.
You need kindness and loyalty in a friend.
The king was wealthy beyond belief. 
The princess is a newly married young lady.
The island consists of uninhabitable land.
At comedy clubs people both laugh and clap.
He will enforce the law if she breaks it. 
The child was thankfully left unharmed.
The salary reflects your level of performance. 
The cheater had always been a major liar. 
The light from the window hurt her eyes.
He doesn't believe in magic or witchcraft.
Dating sometimes leads to marriage. 
Covering the statue with any material is hard.
Calculus is a type of mathematical study.
The latch was part of a bigger mechanism.
Her combination of medication wasn’t good. 
A good retirement requires saving money.
I wanted to ski down the mountain faster.
This is a movement against communism. 
The character doesn’t develop in the movie. 
The orchestra plays beautiful music.
Colonialism shaped the nation in no time.
She took a peek at the news before work.
The noise he heard was of her crying.
The reserved man made privacy an obligation.
The simple irritation became intense pain.
His personality is just compulsive.  
Existentialism is a topic of philosophy. 
He will scribble a picture for you.
The horse shared its food with the pig.
The plan can result in a transformation. 
The artificial plant looked almost real. 
You can play too if you play softball.
People get pleasure from masturbation. 
The poor man felt powerless.
He got out of prison early on parole.
The seamstress was a true professional. 
Privacy means protection around here. 
The performance quality sells the shows out.
The chemical reaction is hard to explain. 
She read the information online.
The couple recently labeled its relationship.
Religious people often pray.
The nearest residence is five miles away.
The tunnel cut through the main road. 
The future could be happy or sad for her. 
The student studied many kinds of science.
She ordered scallops at the seafood restaurant.
She will sell it for cheap.
The pattern was too hard to sew by hand.
His girlfriend is so sexy.
A circle is an elementary shape. 
The pilot made it onto the ship in time. 
The show has one more episode next week. 
The graffiti was a sign of his presence.
The silly rumor was just absurd.
Make sure your wrath doesn't make you sin.
Shaving your skin makes it smoother.
He seems smart and sincere. 
Smiling innocently, she took the candy. 
The perfect solution isn’t always simple.
The goodness of his soul makes him glow. 
The microphone wasn't producing any sound.
She candidly spoke about her experiences.
The star is light years away from Earth.
Every student receives a merit scholarship.
The stupid secretary is just incompetent. 
The successful scientist exerts his influence.
Plain sugar is the only kind he uses.
The police still don’t have a prime suspect.
The chandelier hangs right above the table.
The spicy taste lingered in her mouth.
The team set a new record. 
The weird-looking cake has a yucky texture.
The days go by quicker with time.
The machine seems like an excessive tool.  
That doll is the perfect toy for her. 
The orange tree provides bountiful produce.
The lawyer meditated before the trial.
Soon afterwards she tried to call him. 
It is typical for him to seem peculiar. 
She was unaware and unashamed of her status.
The design is usable and reproducible. 
The useless task was just busywork.
She can relax the rest of her vacation.
The camp is not safe from the war. 
The dishwasher can wash all the dishes.
The weak competition left her feeling mediocre. 
When you wear silk you have to be careful.
Summer weather brightens everyone's mood.
He incessantly complains, we willingly nod. 
The sentence was missing a word.
His ability and assertiveness are attractive.
The playwright wanted to be accomplished.
She's angry because I offended her. 
This apartment doesn't have a big kitchen.
The commotion of applause is infectious. 
The first argument has a better explanation.
She pitilessly and argumentatively tore him apart.  
The art exhibition left many breathless.
Generally, her attitude is condescending. 
The leather bag fell from the shelf.
She could dunk the ball like a pro.
He learned quickly that bars don't cater. 
The caribou and the bear smell one another.
She tapped her foot to the rhythmic beat.
Napping in bed can be good for you.
The bartender served her a cold beer.
Cutting down the big tree is substantial.
The only bird she can see is the parrot.
Blood began to fill the wound.
She felt like her body was frumpy.
The brain has no nerve endings.
She dangerously teeters on the broken chair.
The building is a mansion for themselves.
A blowtorch will burn all night. 
He wants to invest in a better business.  
The camera shutter broke when it fell.
He explained it creatively and carefully. 
A challenge is an obstacle to overcome.
The charity is improving its allocations.
His charming smile was beguiling. 
That hat doesn't match his clothes. 
The cockroach ate the ant.
She added new code to the script.
Her souvenir collection began in childhood
She had this kind of interface on her computer. 
The flooring began the construction process
He thought a pan was all he needed to cook. 
She was able to count to a hundred.  
The crazy animal looked bloodthirsty. 
The possibility of damage made her nervous
Juggling dance and gymnastics was hard.
Aggravating the president is unpatriotic and dangerous.
The ploy was to deceive the old lady slowly.
Her dedication spurred her pursuit.  
She deliberately fell as she inadvertently slipped
The form of delivery was up to him. 
The dessert at the dinner was fruitcake.
She had to coax the device to start it. 
He didn't want to dig in the excavation.
Noodles from dinner were on the table.  
The tumor was a symptom of a disease.
Dissolve the substance and it will evaporate. 
He can disturb and aggravate anyone.
You do get punished if you misbehave. 
The doctor doesn’t deal with patient trauma. 
Her dog's temperament matched her own.
The mozzarella has an oily dressing.
The bulldozer needed a better driver.
The economy was in a slump.
The candidate was up for election.
An electron impacts the substance’s equilibrium. 
The home's grandeur signified its elegance. 
Indignation was the emotion she could identify.
Objectively, he gets her emotionally. 
A hybrid car has a different engine.
The tenth reunion was a spectacular event.
The experiment asks for a blood sample.  
She is extremely and intensely motivated. 
The baby was feeling fussy all day.
The goblin fled from the fight.
He wants more fish after catching the carp.
The leak disrupted the flow. 
The cat food today consisted of kibble.
Trash is another word for garbage.
He eventually chose the gold ring. 
The great waiter took care of his guests. 
The gun had one bullet left.
Her hair is droopy in the heat.
Stimulate the area to help it wake up. 
Hurting her hip was the worst outcome.
Their ignorance stems from their debauchery. 
The penicillin won’t cure her illness.
Misdirect his attention to impress him.
The semiconductor was a crucial invention.
The investigation is led with suspicion.
The web is almost invisible to the naked eye.
Recruitment season is a time to get a job.
Ferocious animals abound in the jungle.
His manliness and kindness are irresistible.
This king does not wear a crown.
The weird lady needed a serious makeover. 
A fence marks the border of his land.  
When I laugh I sometimes sneeze.
The applicability of the law is murky.
The unmarked turkey was from November. 
The threshold level is unreal. 
She is a pessimist and a liar. 
There isn't much light during dusk.
The psychic performed magic tricks. 
Girls fantasize about marriage after puberty.
Silicone is a bendy kind of material.
The mathematical simulation made the point
The mechanism had a handle to start it.
The medication acts as an antidote. 
His paycheck means money for the kids. 
The glacier is at the mountain top.
The movement was oppressive. 
The movie premiere had a red carpet.
I can't improvise music, unfortunately. 
Impoverishment left the nation crumbling. 
The forum argued about the news. 
The child's whispering made some noise. 
The contract outlined their obligation. 
Her migraine caused her pain.
Her subconscious impacted her personality.
Spirituality and philosophy aren’t the same.  
Printing a picture is harder than it seems.
The whinny frightened the pig. 
The execution of the plan was preemptive. 
The leafy plant looked better indoors.
He gets to play golf at his meetings.
Forced pleasure is an oxymoron. 
The poor orphan wished for his parents.
No longer a juvenile, he was sent to prison.
The skilled professional maneuvers well.
He avoids calling protection services. 
He was a stickler for good quality.
Dilute the solutions for a reaction. 
The title was too long to read. 
Intimacy is gained in a relationship.
A religious man, he gave a prayer.
The lodge looks like a personal residence.
The sidewalk runs alongside the road. 
The perplexing situation made him sad.
This applied science is very different. 
Tempura is one popular way to prepare seafood. 
The high supply changes what you sell it for.
He is quite crafty and likes to sew. 
The pervert thought her heartbeat was sexy.
The pyramid is a three-dimensional shape. 
The sail of the ship ripped in the wind.
He thinks the show is a bit melodramatic.
This was a telltale sign of love.
The unsubstantiated claims are just silly.  
Sin makes a sinner.
Her skin is prone to a pimple or two. 
She is fearless and very smart. 
He was smiling angrily.
A discrete ending to the affair is his solution.
The fact that he has a soul astounds him.
The speakerphone has great sound quality. 
He spoke pessimistically over coffee.
His star sign is Gemini.
The faculty to student ratio is high this year. 
He said a bunch of stupid baloney.
The successful actor wants more fame.  
Sugar and butter are his two big cravings.
The suspect attempted to run. 
He put the candle on the table.
The margarita has a zing to its taste.
The team was in the lead at halftime.
The jellylike texture of the milk is bad.  
They will reschedule the meeting soon.
A stapler is the most useful office tool.
The toy was jumbo sized. 
The tree smelled like spearmint.
A decision will be made during the trial. 
He tried to move the date to later. 
It is typical for her to include him
Her words were unprejudiced yet unaware.
The distinguishable product isn't usable. 
The presentation is useless and irritating. 
There's nothing like vacation in paradise.
The soldier was sent to war. 
He likes to wash himself with bar soap. 
He saw himself as weak and unattractive. 
I want to wear a handkerchief tonight.
The weather in autumn is bearable. 
He willingly and earnestly commits the crime.
Her nickname is a word used to describe goats.
He has the ability to cultivate creativity.  
The accomplished choreographer waits alone.
I am displeased with how angry he was. 
Parts of the apartment are ladder accessible.
Her applause was inhibited. 
This argument has no conclusion.
The thought is dirtily and argumentatively constructed. 
The contemporary art left much to be desired. 
He will work on his domineering attitude.
He had a bag and a laptop to put in it.
Getting a puck can be easier than a ball.
That bar was their new favorite venue.
The bear found its next prey in the hare.
He thought that the beat had a good vibe.
The toddler crawled onto the bed.
She ordered a margarita after the beer. 
His big feet are disproportionate. 
The bird poked its head out of the hatch.
Blood spurted out of the rupture. 
The body of the dress is shapeless.
A neuron is the fundamental unit of the brain. 
The disorganized room is full of broken things.
There’s a mousetrap in the building entrance. 
The inflammable jacket will never burn. 
Her business needed to take out a loan.
The camera focus causes low quality photos.
The food is neatly and carefully arranged. 
The challenge's burden scared her.
The charity event doubled the funding.
The speaker's charismatic nature is charming.
His clothes are often made of flannel. 
The grasshopper and the cockroach are friends.
He can code like a pro but can’t type.
He stole a stamp to complete his collection.
The infrastructure of the computer is weird.  
The remodeling takes two years of construction.
The steaming pot holds all she can cook. 
I will count by fives to speed it up. 
The crazy demon was just grotesque. 
The storm caused inevitable damage. 
Irish folk dance requires fast footwork.
It’s unwise and dangerous to take it on. 
The plan is to deceive and bribe him quickly. 
Her dedication mirrored her commitment.
Not deliberately, he arbitrarily asked her out. 
She wants to intercept the delivery. 
In her mind, yogurt doesn’t replace dessert.
The switch on the device popped off. 
They want to dig for another fossil.
Fondue for dinner is her favorite.
Abnormal results show the onset of disease. 
Distill and dissolve the issue immediately. 
Conspire as much as you can to disturb her. 
Do me no wrong and divulge the secret. 
You can’t be an occupational doctor. 
A dog is a great companion. 
A delicious dressing will be the garnish. 
The taxicab driver is tired of them. 
The economy didn’t predict the carpool demand. 
The poll was swarmed for the election.
He calculated the wavelength of an electron.
The simplicity of her elegance is incomparable.
Betrayal isn't an emotion you can trigger.
An unsound choice destroyed her emotionally. 
The jeep's engine gave out at the traffic light.
The housewarming event is heavily attended.
Debrief the participants in the experiment.
She is extremely grateful and infinitely proud.
The cat is feeling grumpy and prone to scratch.
The gladiator did not want to fight. 
The gator eats fish like trout. 
The spout has a shape that inhibits flow.
Her food has a lot of nutritional value. 
The garbage began to reek in the sun.
The horseshoe has pink and gold accents. 
The spectacular view made the room so great.
The shooter threw away his gun.
The model's hair was voluminous. 
Please clarify how I can help. 
The child's bony bottom is hurting her lap.
His complete ignorance creates inefficiency. 
She contracted a stomach illness from the food.
Titillate his interests to impress him.
A push of a button rotated the invention.
The investigation was unlawful.
The wind is invisible and odorless.
The job position recently closed. 
The gazelle grazed outside of the jungle.
Her meekness outweighed her kindness.
A king and an emperor had similar roles. 
The debutante was presented as a lady.
This land is his refuge.
A giggle is the most she will ever laugh.  
House arrest is a law-imposed restriction. 
She was left undecided after hearing him out.
The level of unemployment has risen.
The discovered liar is now an imposter. 
The light is so bright that he has to squint. 
Tarot cards are make-believe magic.
She wants marriage, he wants to breakup.
The material has an adhesive side. 
The course has a mathematical classification. 
The man is proud of his patented mechanism
The formulation of the medication is new.
She wants to borrow some of his money. 
A snowboarder got stuck on the mountain.
The movement is based on utopian ideals.
This movie is one adventure after the other. 
The performer forgot his sheet music. 
Migration changed the population of the nation. 
The archives contain the news since 1950. 
The scariest noise ever was the rumble.
The obligation was harmless.
A nosebleed usually doesn’t cause you pain. 
He has borderline personality disorder. 
The paradigm taught in philosophy confused her. 
Draw the picture in ink.
The pig got stuck in the lasso. 
The expulsion led to a change of plan. 
The windowsill had acquired a new plant. 
Play volleyball more often for good legs. 
She fantasizes about the pleasure of his touches. 
The poor woman is tormented by her faults.
She got probation and didn't go to prison.
The beekeeper, always a professional, stayed calm.
The shield provided little protection.
Their standard of quality is higher than yours.  
Adding ethanol produces a new reaction. 
Half of the literature she reads is medieval. 
The brother's relationship was chummy. 
A missionary is religious by definition.  
The neighborhood has a new residence or two.
The road pileup didn't clear for hours.
It was upsetting how sad she was. 
His dissertation is in material sciences.
He is happy to see flounder in the seafood section.
His hobby is to buy and sell comic books. 
She forgot to sew the last stitch.
The idea of a cheerleader is very sexy. 
Her body has the shape of an hourglass. 
The ship was off onto its next expedition.
The humor of the show is slapstick comedy.
The sign was inscribed with rules.
The play was ridiculous and silly.
The sin of a firstborn is never forgotten. 
Tanning your skin artificially causes cancer.
She genuinely is smart but doesn't work hard. 
Smiling faintly, she said goodbye. 
The solution is straightforward and effective. 
She hopes her soul will live on in eternity.
That sound came from the keyboard. 
He spoke conversationally without listening.
The microcosmic star still shines bright. 
The student reread her notes before the course. 
Good riddance to that stupid project! 
Her successful career made her legendary. 
Unrefined sugar has a grittier taste.
The suspect committed suicide in prison.
The porcelain is at the center of the table. 
Her delicate palate reacted strongly to the taste.
The entering freshman dominated the team.
The couch cushion had a plushy texture. 
He missed the time of the deadline.
The switchblade can be a dangerous tool. 
The toy is strangely lifelike.  
The sandalwood tree is yellow.
The defendant in the trial got nervous.
He tried to close the door forcibly. 
She assumed that this weather is typical. 
He is inarticulate and unaware of this issue. 
The microwave is recognizably usable.
The trip was agonizing and quite useless. 
The vacation in Hawaii was a luxury.
He did not want to know of any war casualty.
She felt clean after she could wash herself.
The poorly managed project lacks a foundation. 
I can't wear this unbuttoned to meet his parents.
The weather report didn’t predict the blizzard.
She openly and willingly answered the questions.
That word is difficult to pronounce.
Forethought is an important ability.  
The thinker became accomplished later on.
Dissatisfied and angry, he began to sulk. 
The long hallway in the apartment is skinny.
He caught an earful of applause as he left.
The statement supports the other argument. 
They spoke precociously and argumentatively.
Medieval art is not up her alley.
His humorless attitude is stereotypical. 
The trusty satchel was her favorite bag. 
The ball bounced off the backboard. 
The popular nightclub has added a bar. 
The swan was not bothered by the bear.
People thrashed their heads to the beat. 
The bed cushions sagged quickly.
All she wants today is a pint of beer.
There big selection is just a hodgepodge.  
The bird holds the worm in its beak. 
Blood flows through the major artery.
The midsection of his body is well trained.
Neuroscientists research the brain functions. 
The computer was hopelessly broken. 
The skyscraper is the city's newest building.
The heat of the stove can burn you. 
The business will expand its physical property.
The camera display had many menu options. 
It is carefully and flawlessly constructed. 
This challenge is critical for the team. 
The charity is a resource for these families.  
The toddler’s mischievousness toddler is charming. 
Sports clothes can be made of spandex.
The cockroach infestation overwhelmed her. 
The key to good code is simplicity. 
The item isn’t worth adding to the collection.
He was streaming music from his computer. 
The homeowner hated the construction.
He thought you had to cook the dough. 
I can count the tally for you.  
The ritual felt crazy and animalistic.
The flood caused severe damage. 
He is found dancing the dance all the time.
The dangerous monster smelled atrociously.
The operative was meant to deceive him.  
His dedication to her shows how faithful he is.
The decision was deliberately and unjustly made. 
He wanted confirmation of the delivery. 
The jelly sandwich is practically dessert. 
The device was disconnected from power.
You can dig a ditch in a few hours.
I would like to serve dinner now.
She heard her disease is in remission. 
You can compartmentalize it but never dissolve it.
Restrain him so he can’t disturb me.  
I dare you to do that. 
He will consult his friend before his doctor.
The spaniel was a terrible dog. 
The dressing gave the marmalade a sour twist. 
The actress needed to hire a new driver. 
Unemployment still affects the economy.
The nomination for election was an honor. 
Use Planck’s constant for the mass of an electron. 
Sensuality and elegance are hard to fake. 
She felt an emotion she knew to be embarrassment.  
The family solidly pumps him up emotionally. 
Engine is another word for motor. 
The impromptu event was special.
A recent experiment led to a new observation.
Steve is exceptionally gifted and extremely humble.
His temperamental moods left her feeling sad.
Her bloodline was worth the fight.
The divers weren't there for the fish. 
A liter of water will flow out of the canister.
He was devouring his food as she spoke.
The landfill is brimming with garbage.
The glittering gold is breathtaking.
The food is great and the service exceptional.
He aimed the gun at the target. 
Don’t straighten your hair if you want to keep it. 
You will stabilize if you let him help you.
The prosthetic arm was hurting her. 
Cut the tomfoolery and fix on your ignorance. 
Typhoid is an illness that affected many people.  
Try to impress or astonish him!
The invention is schematically drawn. 
The burglary didn’t lead to an investigation.
It’s inexplicable how the boy became invisible. 
The manager wanted to give up his job
The lion does not live in the jungle. 
The direct nature of his kindness is gentlemanly. 
The king is a ruler of his land. 
The lady has a keen suitor. 
In a faraway land, people live differently. 
She tends to sigh whenever I laugh.
A new law doesn't work retroactively. 
He was left feeling unnoticed.  
Step it up a level to increase the quota.
The fast talker and liar both spoke fast.  
The storm clouds were clouding the light.
The mythical story made magic seem real. 
The newlywed talks about marriage for hours.
The material will cling to your hair. 
Mathematical formulas use arbitrary variables. 
The mechanism is designed for that. 
She took her old prescription medication instead. 
Earn some money before you take mine. 
The mountain had a beautiful summit.
Many in the movement have a scary mindset.  
Turn on the T.V. to watch the movie. 
Karaoke is not the place for good music. 
Globalization impacts this nation more. 
The news is broadcasted in the newsroom.
She suppressed her squeal to not make noise.
The stockholder has an obligation to stay.  
She had some bruising but felt no pain. 
His personality brought down her mood. 
Materialism is a discussion in philosophy. 
Picture is another word for a photograph. 
The pig was sprawled in the hay.
The plan is a demonstration of her goodwill.
The garden could use a new plant.
Sparring is his way to play with you. 
He was gay and got pleasure from him.  
The poor girl became dependent again.
Sobriety is enforced in the prison. 
The lumberyard needs a professional. 
She feels safe with the given protection. 
Maintaining quality of produce is hard.
The impurity won’t create a reaction. 
He didn't read up on any of the relevant topics.
Her parents' relationship is harmonious. 
They perform religious practice at the chapel.
The location of the residence is sublime. 
Surprisingly, the main road only has one lane.
The depressing movie made everyone sad.
Economics is a kind of social science. 
Caviar is a gourmet kind of seafood.
The drugstore sells prescription drugs.
He chose woodcarving over learning to sew. 
He's a babe, that's how sexy he is. 
A typical cloud's shape is irregular.  
The voyage began as the ship left the island. 
She wants to reenact the storyline of the show.
The sign fell from the roof with a swoosh.
The overblown statistics sounded silly.
The couple is rejoicing in his sin. 
The fragrance of his skin was delightful.
The fifth grader is smart and resourceful. 
The little boy is smiling obligingly.
Find a viable solution for global warming. 
Her soul wished for something eternal.
His sound was on mute. 
The child spoke engagingly in her presentation.
The spaceflight uncovered a new star. 
This past term zipped by for the student. 
The stupid lowlife walked right out.  
That powerhouse of a woman is so successful. 
The tapioca is soaked in sugar. 
The real kidnapper isn’t a suspect in the case. 
The silverware looks beautiful on the table.
The distinctive taste of the cereal is gross.  
The prospect of playing with the team is good. 
His skin had become a leathery texture.
Write the time into a calendar space. 
The tool shop advertised the shears. 
The water toy was inflatable. 
A hemlock is a kind of tree. 
The juror was forced to be in the trial. 
She hurriedly tried to run after the cat. 
He prefers the typical and conventional. 
He’s unaware of how uninterested she is. 
It will be marketable once it is universally usable. 
The grueling process is just useless.
The vacation is a hideaway from home. 
You can rebel against a war. 
You have to wash your laundry beforehand. 
The dismal building looks weak in the wind.
I’ll scream if you wear bloomers again. 
Typical summer weather is a monsoon. 
She is fiercely and willingly independent. 
The spelling of the word makes no sense.
His unwavering ability is unmatched. 
The accomplished publicist has many clients. 
Flabbergasted at her results, she got angry.  
The apartment has cute little nooks. 
The rowdy crowd burst into applause. 
There’s no truth to this argument. 
Her speech began provocatively and argumentatively. 
The irony of the piece is pure art.
He has a nonchalant attitude about it.
The umbrella was too big for her bag.
He gave the ball a quick jab. 
The bar had an urban feel to it. 
The bear ran from the rattlesnake. 
She can strum the beat on her guitar. 
He took the blanket off of the bed.
He was thirsty for the beer in the fridge. 
A bucketful of big strawberries awaits them
The bird preened itself for mating.
Blood looks blue through our skin. 
The model's body is unimposing in reality. 
The oldest brain is the cerebellum. 
The door hung crooked after being broken. 
The mosque is the lowest building here.  
The flashbulb may burn the curtain. 
This new business venture will make her rich.
The camera reflex is too slow. 
She carefully and cleverly constructed the outcome
Passing the challenge is a formidable feat. 
I encourage you to participate in the charity. 
The charming proposal was gutsy.  
His jacket protects his clothes from getting wet.  
The pesky cockroach managed to survive.  
Modify her code so it can take user inputs.
She assembled a collection of auction items. 
His desktop computer is pretty old. 
The construction is true workmanship.  
Warm up the stove to cook the stew. 
He will count up to fourteen. 
This crazy dystopia was his new life.
There is an unexpected amount of damage. 
Walking the dance helped him learn it. 
These dangerous conditions are unacceptable.
Her motive is to deceive his friend. 
Her loyal dedication is indisputable.
He foolishly accepted the offer deliberately. 
She requested express delivery to save time.
The filling of the dessert was marvelous. 
The transistor was built into the device. 
He didn’t want to dig underground. 
The dinner was super yummy. 
Respiratory disease hinders his breath. 
Demystify and dissolve the rumor. 
Do not disturb or jeopardize your chance. 
You do have the tendency to annoy me. 
The physician prefers being called a doctor. 
The vet didn't want a dog of her own. 
Sauerkraut is sour enough without dressing. 
The driver hates loading in at the airport. 
The current economy is good for graduates. 
The councilman will stay for the election. 
Find the thermal energy of an electron. 
The elegance of the palace is inherent. 
She has a desire to feel overwhelming emotion. 
The kid is successful and emotionally in tune. 
This car has its engine in the trunk. 
The headmaster’s luncheon is a monthly event. 
The experiment is built on initial expectations.
Sarah unarguably remained extremely competitive. 
She’s feeling weary of his skittish behavior.
The warlock put up a good fight. 
You might see some fish when you surf.  
The turbine relies on a steady flow. 
The steakhouse serves vegetarian food. 
The sewer bubbled over into the garbage.
The paperweight was made of gold. 
It is amazing how great of a runner she is.  
The blast from the gun was loud. 
The cat's whiskers felt like human hair.
Reinforce the idea that help is good.
Her pelvis was hurting tremendously. 
Your cockiness and ignorance bother me most. 
He isn’t susceptible to the illness. 
You will mesmerize and impress your audience.  
The new invention has a reflective surface. 
The investigation uncovered a scandal.
She was virtually invisible in the dark. 
This month the job is under supervision. 
The jungle houses a new species of frog. 
The school teaches piety and kindness.
The king is not a dictator. 
The lady was a darling of society.
A swamp shouldn't be classified as land. 
He spit out his water when he had to laugh. 
All I want is to overturn that law. 
His question was left unanswered. 
He performs at a greater level than you.  
The faker became a full-blown liar. 
The light reflected off of the window.  
The magician cast his magic on her. 
You should get some marriage advice. 
These scientists create an unbreakable material. 
These generalizations are mathematical in nature. 
He’s able to fix the mechanism in no time.
This medication is essential to his well-being.  
I can withdraw some money beforehand.
The mountain has a steep slope. 
Radical people took part in the movement. 
A movie can have many sequels. 
Elevator music is usually instrumental. 
The rebellion rocked the small nation. 
I learn a lot of gossip from the news. 
The noise was a low-pitched growl. 
His boss refused to disclose the obligation. 
The pain from the stomachache is unbearable. 
That overt trait is a part of her personality. 
She loves philosophy yet remains agnostic. 
The letter contained a picture. 
The bigger pig was a stud. 
Follow the essential plan for success. 
He watered the plant after the reminder. 
The competition forces you to play well. 
Sexual pleasure can be a taboo topic.
The unlucky man quickly became poor. 
The interrogation took place in prison.
The technician needs another professional’s opinion. 
He finds protection inside of the house.
Cleanliness is the first decree in quality. 
The concentration bears impact on the reaction. 
He read the documentation of the case. 
Their working relationship was amicable. 
The religious man was pious. 
She could take up residence in the hotel. 
The tollbooth was at the end of the road. 
The moment was noteworthy yet sad. 
The article is in a science journal. 
Chowder is made with different kinds of seafood.
I sell secondhand clothes for a living. 
The artisan can sew the most beautiful gowns. 
Knowing how to seduce someone is sexy. 
The set dimensions created an odd shape. 
The yacht was the owner's favorite ship. 
This show is older than that sitcom.
The sign hung from the billboard. 
The news story was silly and unfounded. 
The extent of the sin was an abomination. 
A vampire's skin can shimmer in the sun. 
While she’s too trusting, she’s smart.
The woman is smiling wistfully out the window. 
Her solution is affordable for all parties. 
His discovery of his soul was a blessing. 
She’s broadcasting the sound across the field. 
He tellingly spoke about the situation. 
She likes that Capricorn is her star sign. 
Only one student in the class is bilingual. 
She calls him a jackass, I think he’s stupid. 
He had been successful in the sixties. 
Powdered sugar can be very messy. 
The suspect's motive was senseless. 
The chrome table had a very modern look. 
She enjoyed the mousse’s aroma and taste. 
The team lineup was daunting 
The floor’s sticky texture is disgusting. 
Tomorrow is a better time for her. 
The best tool for crushing is right here.  
The dinky toy kept the cat preoccupied. 
The twig broke off of the tree. 
The trial is a huge a chance for the attorney. 
He abandoned the endeavor when she tried. 
She’s accustomed to a more typical interaction. 
He’s unaware and unequipped for this. 
The usable parts are all salvageable. 
The excruciating demands seemed useless. 
Their honeymoon was a vacation in France. 
The battlefield of the war grew quickly. 
The maid was asked to wash the floor. 
His weak pitch is amateurish.  
I like to wear sheath-like material. 
The balmy weather is good for his skin. 
She consistently laughs willingly when he does.   
I can't seem to translate that word. 