Her ability and knack for it got her here.
The accomplished producer is well respected.
He panicked at how angry his boss was. 
This apartment floor is under renovation.
The ruckus of the applause hurt her ears.
I will confirm the more valid argument. 
The hardhearted woman speaks argumentatively.  
The school has a strong tradition of art. 
His selfish attitude won't get him far. 
He put his wallet in her bag.
She can’t pass the ball for the life of her.
Cowboys go to saloons instead of bars.
The woodpecker was not afraid of the bear.
The song had a catchy beat.
The cot replaced the bed for the night.
He can grab a bottle of beer from here. 
While he isn’t obese, he is quite big.
The nest was just big enough for the bird.
The blood circulation in her legs is bad.
Her body was very skinny.
The brain is made up of cells. 
The broken leg made the table unstable.
The library building is pretty old.  
The cigarette could burn her skin. 
The company will improve its business sector.
The camera captures a lot of colors. 
She carefully and efficiently did the job. 
The hardship is a challenge she will defeat. 
The organization has a new devotion to charity.
Her loveable laugh was charming.
Sizing a young boy's clothes is difficult. 
The cockroach fed off the mold.
The new solution could save the code. 
He hoarded a collection of autographs.
Running the application freezes the computer.
Plastering is the next step in construction.
If she wants to cook, she needs a fridge. 
He will count backwards to one.
The crazy taxi driver was freaky.
The snow’s impact required damage control.
She can dance in the ballroom course. 
Climbing that dangerous bridge is boneheaded. 
He’s devious enough to deceive her. 
His dedication makes him so successful. 
He ruthlessly and deliberately ignored her. 
The delivery date was unclear. 
Candy is a good choice for dessert.
The device is wired very simply. 
The erosion made it difficult to dig.
He wanted a sandwich for dinner.
Type Two Diabetes is an adult disease.
Disperse the chunks in fluid to dissolve them
His affect will begin to disturb me soon. 
I do not falter when I know what I want.
A brilliant doctor performed the surgery.
The shelter worker took care of the dog.  
Garlic made the dressing inedible. 
The driver can’t lift the box out of the trunk.
The economy spiked unexpectedly.
The council has an election next spring.
An electron is a miniscule particle.
The event’s formality screams elegance. 
Sorrow is his dominating emotion nowadays. 
Morally and emotionally, it is difficult. 
The spare tire is up by the engine.
The event is a celebration of his life.
The experiment is diagnostic of psychosis. 
She is impossibly kind and extremely driven. 
While he is worried, she is feeling fine.
The beast started the fight. 
He plans to find sharks and other fish.  
The water flow reminds him to pay his rent.
He felt fat after eating that much food.
He threw the rotten apple into the garbage.
The yellow gold shines brightly in the sun.
You are great but aim to be terrific. 
Firing a gun can kill someone.
His moustache hair is a strange color.  
You can't recover without a doctor to help you
His tooth was hurting after practice.
His striking ignorance upholds his arrogance.  
His illness turned out to be the flu.
Don't terrify her but impress her. 
The invention involves an unexpected element.
An investigation can produce a charge.
The girl felt insignificant and invisible.
The coordinator's job is to organize. 
The jungle appears giant from every angle.
You need kindness and loyalty in a friend.
The king was wealthy beyond belief. 
The princess is a newly married young lady.
The island consists of uninhabitable land.
At comedy clubs people both laugh and clap.
He will enforce the law if she breaks it. 
The child was thankfully left unharmed.
The salary reflects your level of performance. 
The cheater had always been a major liar. 
The light from the window hurt her eyes.
He doesn't believe in magic or witchcraft.
Dating sometimes leads to marriage. 
Covering the statue with any material is hard.
Calculus is a type of mathematical study.
The latch was part of a bigger mechanism.
Her combination of medication wasn’t good. 
A good retirement requires saving money.
I wanted to ski down the mountain faster.
This is a movement against communism. 
The character doesn’t develop in the movie. 
The orchestra plays beautiful music.
Colonialism shaped the nation in no time.
She took a peek at the news before work.
The noise he heard was of her crying.
The reserved man made privacy an obligation.
The simple irritation became intense pain.
His personality is just compulsive.  
Existentialism is a topic of philosophy. 
He will scribble a picture for you.
The horse shared its food with the pig.
The plan can result in a transformation. 
The artificial plant looked almost real. 
You can play too if you play softball.
People get pleasure from masturbation. 
The poor man felt powerless.
He got out of prison early on parole.
The seamstress was a true professional. 
Privacy means protection around here. 
The performance quality sells the shows out.
The chemical reaction is hard to explain. 
She read the information online.
The couple recently labeled its relationship.
Religious people often pray.
The nearest residence is five miles away.
The tunnel cut through the main road. 
The future could be happy or sad for her. 
The student studied many kinds of science.
She ordered scallops at the seafood restaurant.
She will sell it for cheap.
The pattern was too hard to sew by hand.
His girlfriend is so sexy.
A circle is an elementary shape. 
The pilot made it onto the ship in time. 
The show has one more episode next week. 
The graffiti was a sign of his presence.
The silly rumor was just absurd.
Make sure your wrath doesn't make you sin.
Shaving your skin makes it smoother.
He seems smart and sincere. 
Smiling innocently, she took the candy. 
The perfect solution isn’t always simple.
The goodness of his soul makes him glow. 
The microphone wasn't producing any sound.
She candidly spoke about her experiences.
The star is light years away from Earth.
Every student receives a merit scholarship.
The stupid secretary is just incompetent. 
The successful scientist exerts his influence.
Plain sugar is the only kind he uses.
The police still don’t have a prime suspect.
The chandelier hangs right above the table.
The spicy taste lingered in her mouth.
The team set a new record. 
The weird-looking cake has a yucky texture.
The days go by quicker with time.
The machine seems like an excessive tool.  
That doll is the perfect toy for her. 
The orange tree provides bountiful produce.
The lawyer meditated before the trial.
Soon afterwards she tried to call him. 
It is typical for him to seem peculiar. 
She was unaware and unashamed of her status.
The design is usable and reproducible. 
The useless task was just busywork.
She can relax the rest of her vacation.
The camp is not safe from the war. 
The dishwasher can wash all the dishes.
The weak competition left her feeling mediocre. 
When you wear silk you have to be careful.
Summer weather brightens everyone's mood.
He incessantly complains, we willingly nod. 
The sentence was missing a word.