b6. sent6
His unwavering ability is unmatched. 
The accomplished publicist has many clients. 
Flabbergasted at her results, she got angry.  
The apartment has cute little nooks. 
The rowdy crowd burst into applause. 
There’s no truth to this argument. 
Her speech began provocatively and argumentatively. 
The irony of the piece is pure art.
He has a nonchalant attitude about it.
The umbrella was too big for her bag.
He gave the ball a quick jab. 
The bar had an urban feel to it. 
The bear ran from the rattlesnake. 
She can strum the beat on her guitar. 
He took the blanket off of the bed.
He was thirsty for the beer in the fridge. 
A bucketful of big strawberries awaits them
The bird preened itself for mating.
Blood looks blue through our skin. 
The model's body is unimposing in reality. 
The oldest brain is the cerebellum. 
The door hung crooked after being broken. 
The mosque is the lowest building here.  
The flashbulb may burn the curtain. 
This new business venture will make her rich.
The camera reflex is too slow. 
She carefully and cleverly constructed the outcome
Passing the challenge is a formidable feat. 
I encourage you to participate in the charity. 
The charming proposal was gutsy.  
His jacket protects his clothes from getting wet.  
The pesky cockroach managed to survive.  
Modify her code so it can take user inputs.
She assembled a collection of auction items. 
His desktop computer is pretty old. 
The construction is true workmanship.  
Warm up the stove to cook the stew. 
He will count up to fourteen. 
This crazy dystopia was his new life.
There is an unexpected amount of damage. 
Walking the dance helped him learn it. 
These dangerous conditions are unacceptable.
Her motive is to deceive his friend. 
Her loyal dedication is indisputable.
He foolishly accepted the offer deliberately. 
She requested express delivery to save time.
The filling of the dessert was marvelous. 
The transistor was built into the device. 
He didn’t want to dig underground. 
The dinner was super yummy. 
Respiratory disease hinders his breath. 
Demystify and dissolve the rumor. 
Do not disturb or jeopardize your chance. 
You do have the tendency to annoy me. 
The physician prefers being called a doctor. 
The vet didn't want a dog of her own. 
Sauerkraut is sour enough without dressing. 
The driver hates loading in at the airport. 
The current economy is good for graduates. 
The councilman will stay for the election. 
Find the thermal energy of an electron. 
The elegance of the palace is inherent. 
She has a desire to feel overwhelming emotion. 
The kid is successful and emotionally in tune. 
This car has its engine in the trunk. 
The headmaster’s luncheon is a monthly event. 
The experiment is built on initial expectations.
Sarah unarguably remained extremely competitive. 
She’s feeling weary of his skittish behavior.
The warlock put up a good fight. 
You might see some fish when you surf.  
The turbine relies on a steady flow. 
The steakhouse serves vegetarian food. 
The sewer bubbled over into the garbage.
The paperweight was made of gold. 
It is amazing how great of a runner she is.  
The blast from the gun was loud. 
The cat's whiskers felt like human hair.
Reinforce the idea that help is good.
Her pelvis was hurting tremendously. 
Your cockiness and ignorance bother me most. 
He isn’t susceptible to the illness. 
You will mesmerize and impress your audience.  
The new invention has a reflective surface. 
The investigation uncovered a scandal.
She was virtually invisible in the dark. 
This month the job is under supervision. 
The jungle houses a new species of frog. 
The school teaches piety and kindness.
The king is not a dictator. 
The lady was a darling of society.
A swamp shouldn't be classified as land. 
He spit out his water when he had to laugh. 
All I want is to overturn that law. 
His question was left unanswered. 
He performs at a greater level than you.  
The faker became a full-blown liar. 
The light reflected off of the window.  
The magician cast his magic on her. 
You should get some marriage advice. 
These scientists create an unbreakable material. 
These generalizations are mathematical in nature. 
He’s able to fix the mechanism in no time.
This medication is essential to his well-being.  
I can withdraw some money beforehand.
The mountain has a steep slope. 
Radical people took part in the movement. 
A movie can have many sequels. 
Elevator music is usually instrumental. 
The rebellion rocked the small nation. 
I learn a lot of gossip from the news. 
The noise was a low-pitched growl. 
His boss refused to disclose the obligation. 
The pain from the stomachache is unbearable. 
That overt trait is a part of her personality. 
She loves philosophy yet remains agnostic. 
The letter contained a picture. 
The bigger pig was a stud. 
Follow the essential plan for success. 
He watered the plant after the reminder. 
The competition forces you to play well. 
Sexual pleasure can be a taboo topic.
The unlucky man quickly became poor. 
The interrogation took place in prison.
The technician needs another professional’s opinion. 
He finds protection inside of the house.
Cleanliness is the first decree in quality. 
The concentration bears impact on the reaction. 
He read the documentation of the case. 
Their working relationship was amicable. 
The religious man was pious. 
She could take up residence in the hotel. 
The tollbooth was at the end of the road. 
The moment was noteworthy yet sad. 
The article is in a science journal. 
Chowder is made with different kinds of seafood.
I sell secondhand clothes for a living. 
The artisan can sew the most beautiful gowns. 
Knowing how to seduce someone is sexy. 
The set dimensions created an odd shape. 
The yacht was the owner's favorite ship. 
This show is older than that sitcom.
The sign hung from the billboard. 
The news story was silly and unfounded. 
The extent of the sin was an abomination. 
A vampire's skin can shimmer in the sun. 
While she’s too trusting, she’s smart.
The woman is smiling wistfully out the window. 
Her solution is affordable for all parties. 
His discovery of his soul was a blessing. 
She’s broadcasting the sound across the field. 
He tellingly spoke about the situation. 
She likes that Capricorn is her star sign. 
Only one student in the class is bilingual. 
She calls him a jackass, I think he’s stupid. 
He had been successful in the sixties. 
Powdered sugar can be very messy. 
The suspect's motive was senseless. 
The chrome table had a very modern look. 
She enjoyed the mousse’s aroma and taste. 
The team lineup was daunting 
The floor’s sticky texture is disgusting. 
Tomorrow is a better time for her. 
The best tool for crushing is right here.  
The dinky toy kept the cat preoccupied. 
The twig broke off of the tree. 
The trial is a huge a chance for the attorney. 
He abandoned the endeavor when she tried. 
She’s accustomed to a more typical interaction. 
He’s unaware and unequipped for this. 
The usable parts are all salvageable. 
The excruciating demands seemed useless. 
Their honeymoon was a vacation in France. 
The battlefield of the war grew quickly. 
The maid was asked to wash the floor. 
His weak pitch is amateurish.  
I like to wear sheath-like material. 
The balmy weather is good for his skin. 
She consistently laughs willingly when he does.   
I can't seem to translate that word. 