Forethought is an important ability.  
The thinker became accomplished later on.
Dissatisfied and angry, he began to sulk. 
The long hallway in the apartment is skinny.
He caught an earful of applause as he left.
The statement supports the other argument. 
They spoke precociously and argumentatively.
Medieval art is not up her alley.
His humorless attitude is stereotypical. 
The trusty satchel was her favorite bag. 
The ball bounced off the backboard. 
The popular nightclub has added a bar. 
The swan was not bothered by the bear.
People thrashed their heads to the beat. 
The bed cushions sagged quickly.
All she wants today is a pint of beer.
There big selection is just a hodgepodge.  
The bird holds the worm in its beak. 
Blood flows through the major artery.
The midsection of his body is well trained.
Neuroscientists research the brain functions. 
The computer was hopelessly broken. 
The skyscraper is the city's newest building.
The heat of the stove can burn you. 
The business will expand its physical property.
The camera display had many menu options. 
It is carefully and flawlessly constructed. 
This challenge is critical for the team. 
The charity is a resource for these families.  
The toddler’s mischievousness toddler is charming. 
Sports clothes can be made of spandex.
The cockroach infestation overwhelmed her. 
The key to good code is simplicity. 
The item isn’t worth adding to the collection.
He was streaming music from his computer. 
The homeowner hated the construction.
He thought you had to cook the dough. 
I can count the tally for you.  
The ritual felt crazy and animalistic.
The flood caused severe damage. 
He is found dancing the dance all the time.
The dangerous monster smelled atrociously.
The operative was meant to deceive him.  
His dedication to her shows how faithful he is.
The decision was deliberately and unjustly made. 
He wanted confirmation of the delivery. 
The jelly sandwich is practically dessert. 
The device was disconnected from power.
You can dig a ditch in a few hours.
I would like to serve dinner now.
She heard her disease is in remission. 
You can compartmentalize it but never dissolve it.
Restrain him so he can’t disturb me.  
I dare you to do that. 
He will consult his friend before his doctor.
The spaniel was a terrible dog. 
The dressing gave the marmalade a sour twist. 
The actress needed to hire a new driver. 
Unemployment still affects the economy.
The nomination for election was an honor. 
Use Planck’s constant for the mass of an electron. 
Sensuality and elegance are hard to fake. 
She felt an emotion she knew to be embarrassment.  
The family solidly pumps him up emotionally. 
Engine is another word for motor. 
The impromptu event was special.
A recent experiment led to a new observation.
Steve is exceptionally gifted and extremely humble.
His temperamental moods left her feeling sad.
Her bloodline was worth the fight.
The divers weren't there for the fish. 
A liter of water will flow out of the canister.
He was devouring his food as she spoke.
The landfill is brimming with garbage.
The glittering gold is breathtaking.
The food is great and the service exceptional.
He aimed the gun at the target. 
Don’t straighten your hair if you want to keep it. 
You will stabilize if you let him help you.
The prosthetic arm was hurting her. 
Cut the tomfoolery and fix on your ignorance. 
Typhoid is an illness that affected many people.  
Try to impress or astonish him!
The invention is schematically drawn. 
The burglary didn’t lead to an investigation.
It’s inexplicable how the boy became invisible. 
The manager wanted to give up his job
The lion does not live in the jungle. 
The direct nature of his kindness is gentlemanly. 
The king is a ruler of his land. 
The lady has a keen suitor. 
In a faraway land, people live differently. 
She tends to sigh whenever I laugh.
A new law doesn't work retroactively. 
He was left feeling unnoticed.  
Step it up a level to increase the quota.
The fast talker and liar both spoke fast.  
The storm clouds were clouding the light.
The mythical story made magic seem real. 
The newlywed talks about marriage for hours.
The material will cling to your hair. 
Mathematical formulas use arbitrary variables. 
The mechanism is designed for that. 
She took her old prescription medication instead. 
Earn some money before you take mine. 
The mountain had a beautiful summit.
Many in the movement have a scary mindset.  
Turn on the T.V. to watch the movie. 
Karaoke is not the place for good music. 
Globalization impacts this nation more. 
The news is broadcasted in the newsroom.
She suppressed her squeal to not make noise.
The stockholder has an obligation to stay.  
She had some bruising but felt no pain. 
His personality brought down her mood. 
Materialism is a discussion in philosophy. 
Picture is another word for a photograph. 
The pig was sprawled in the hay.
The plan is a demonstration of her goodwill.
The garden could use a new plant.
Sparring is his way to play with you. 
He was gay and got pleasure from him.  
The poor girl became dependent again.
Sobriety is enforced in the prison. 
The lumberyard needs a professional. 
She feels safe with the given protection. 
Maintaining quality of produce is hard.
The impurity won’t create a reaction. 
He didn't read up on any of the relevant topics.
Her parents' relationship is harmonious. 
They perform religious practice at the chapel.
The location of the residence is sublime. 
Surprisingly, the main road only has one lane.
The depressing movie made everyone sad.
Economics is a kind of social science. 
Caviar is a gourmet kind of seafood.
The drugstore sells prescription drugs.
He chose woodcarving over learning to sew. 
He's a babe, that's how sexy he is. 
A typical cloud's shape is irregular.  
The voyage began as the ship left the island. 
She wants to reenact the storyline of the show.
The sign fell from the roof with a swoosh.
The overblown statistics sounded silly.
The couple is rejoicing in his sin. 
The fragrance of his skin was delightful.
The fifth grader is smart and resourceful. 
The little boy is smiling obligingly.
Find a viable solution for global warming. 
Her soul wished for something eternal.
His sound was on mute. 
The child spoke engagingly in her presentation.
The spaceflight uncovered a new star. 
This past term zipped by for the student. 
The stupid lowlife walked right out.  
That powerhouse of a woman is so successful. 
The tapioca is soaked in sugar. 
The real kidnapper isn’t a suspect in the case. 
The silverware looks beautiful on the table.
The distinctive taste of the cereal is gross.  
The prospect of playing with the team is good. 
His skin had become a leathery texture.
Write the time into a calendar space. 
The tool shop advertised the shears. 
The water toy was inflatable. 
A hemlock is a kind of tree. 
The juror was forced to be in the trial. 
She hurriedly tried to run after the cat. 
He prefers the typical and conventional. 
He’s unaware of how uninterested she is. 
It will be marketable once it is universally usable. 
The grueling process is just useless.
The vacation is a hideaway from home. 
You can rebel against a war. 
You have to wash your laundry beforehand. 
The dismal building looks weak in the wind.
I’ll scream if you wear bloomers again. 
Typical summer weather is a monsoon. 
She is fiercely and willingly independent. 
The spelling of the word makes no sense.