b1. sent1
His ability outshone his genius. 
The accomplished writer loves to read. 
He was both angry and frightened. 
They rent out the apartment in their home.
The cheering drowned out the applause.
The new evidence helped his argument.
He unadvisedly spoke argumentatively.
The poetry workshop was a work of art.
She has a negative attitude.
She wants to pack a bag for the day trip. 
He hit the ball out of the field.
The bar looked like an ancient tavern. 
Watch out, that bear will chase you.
The beat of the music was soulful.
She enjoyed sleeping in her own bed.
Guys tend to like beer more than wine.
He wants to be a big fish in a small pond.
The bird flew around the cage.
She was bleeding and lost a lot of blood.
The man had a very athletic body. 
The human brain still amazes us today.
The broken mirror went missing. 
The building used to be a theater.
The fire would burn slowly. 
Banking and business make no sense to me.
The best camera looks unremarkable. 
She carefully handled the roses.
This problem proved to be a challenge.
This group often volunteers for charity.
The ambitious salesman was quite charming.
None of his clothes are made of mesh.
The pest control killed the cockroach. 
Change the code to make it run faster.
She loves her collection of antiques. 
The system crash destroyed the computer.  
Construction slowed down at the last wall.
Defrost the fish before you cook it.  
He couldn't count past five. 
His nightmare drove him crazy.
The accident left some serious damage.
Just shuffle through the dance steps.
The punishment was dangerous and cruel.
To lie is to deceive.
His dedication shows how passionate he is.
She deliberately and wrongfully hurt him.
The website offered free delivery. 
Ice cream is her favorite dessert.
The device has a finicky antenna. 
He can dig and discover all he wants. 
Her lunch is often leftovers from dinner. 
Heart disease is common in the U.S.
Inject a solution to dissolve the powder.
His insult will disturb her deeply.
Do you often deviate from the rules?
The hospital wanted to hire a new doctor. 
The man was able to rescue the dog.
The thicker dressing has egg in it.  
The driver had a duty to take her home.
The boom gave the economy a big boost.
The election took place at the meeting.
The electron moves in a wave. 
Her elegance exuded unexpected warmth. 
His shame is his least controlled emotion.
He felt emotionally and mentally secure.
The engine is in the front of the car. 
Everyone was so happy at the event.
This experiment aims to study human behavior.
Her written work is extremely powerful. 
Finals left her feeling afraid for her grade.
The first sword swing began the fight.
He wanted to see the fish in the ocean.
Hot air would flow out from the heater. 
She eats junk food on the weekends.
The dumpster was full of garbage.
I want a gold watch for my thirtieth.
The great experience became irresistible. 
A gun is a kind of weapon.
His blond hair looks good with blue. 
Someone had to help her replace the engine. 
Her nose is still hurting after the fall.
Blame his frailty rather than his ignorance. 
The illness spread across the community. 
You impress the unsuspecting countess. 
The invention will comprise his integrity.
The criminal is under investigation again.
The ghost was invisible.
For her job she works as a cashier.
The monkey lives in the jungle.
He had respect for her kindness.
The king is the head of the royal family. 
The queen was a classy lady.
This piece of land borders two countries. 
She tried not to laugh and had to gasp. 
The law would act to her benefit. 
His remains were left on the battlefield. 
I just measured his level of consciousness.
He’s a troublemaker, not a liar.   
The morning light was clear today.
The spell proved magic exists. 
She got pregnant before her marriage.
That material is hard to rip.
It’s a random mathematical expression to me.
Pull the wire to trigger a mechanism.
The medication has strange effects on her.
I will pay you money for this. 
The trail ends halfway up the mountain.
The movement was revolutionary. 
This story is left out of the movie. 
This song is like her favorite kind of music.
The revolution restructured the nation.
The report presents the news in lay language.
I could hear some noise last night.
Her obligation made her liable.
She could get no relief from the pain.
His personality changes with his stress.
Philosophy provides many perspectives.
The picture was sketched on paper.
The pig and cattle do not get along well.
The first step of the plan is now complete. 
The plant was growing fast by springtime.
He wanted to play the game, too.
People have sex for pleasure.  
The young people were poor.
Another word for jail is prison.
The worker is a veteran professional.
She found security in his protection.
The shopkeeper will guarantee good quality. 
Oxygen and metal create a reaction. 
I can't read that whole book. 
Their relationship began as an affair.
Religious people often go to church. 
He took up residence in a nearby town.
The bus blocked the entire road.
The reminder of her sad past hurt her. 
The facility is used for science research.
Shrimp is a kind of seafood.
Someone will buy the car if you sell it. 
You need an eye for detail to sew. 
Many people find the model super sexy.
A two dimensional shape is flat.
Boat is another name for a small ship.
The show was still on television.
The sign marked the entrance.
The unrealistic proposal was just silly. 
She can't forgive him for this sin.
The skin on her face turns red in the sun.
The informed candidate has smart responses.
Smiling, he stayed staring at the sun. 
The best solution has the least loopholes.
The soul and spirit are closely related.
The sound of her voice will resonate. 
When she spoke, she stated the truth.
The star looked like an incoming meteor.
The student was in class when his aunt called.
That guy is so stupid and such a fool.
The successful actress is extremely famous.
The recipe called for a cup of sugar.
The suspect was dead before they got there.
The table is made of glass.
She says the hot chocolate had a rich taste. 
The team won yet another game.
The table’s rough texture surprised him.
He has a lot of time before the event. 
He needed any tool other than a saw. 
The toy was so cute.
The apple tree bore fruit in the spring.
The case finally went to trial. 
He tried again later.
It was typical for him to rely on her. 
She is unaware of how oblivious he is.
The writing is usable but barely publishable.
Useless help desks are frustrating. 
The vacation started with a perfect sunset.
The army was willing to lose the war. 
To make the counter sterile, wash it. 
She felt crummy and weak after the class.
She wanted to wear a dress tonight. 
The cold weather almost ruined the trip.
A happy kid, he willingly smiled. 
She used the correct word on her first try.