He has the ability to cultivate creativity.  
The accomplished choreographer waits alone.
I am displeased with how angry he was. 
Parts of the apartment are ladder accessible.
Her applause was inhibited. 
This argument has no conclusion.
The thought is dirtily and argumentatively constructed. 
The contemporary art left much to be desired. 
He will work on his domineering attitude.
He had a bag and a laptop to put in it.
Getting a puck can be easier than a ball.
That bar was their new favorite venue.
The bear found its next prey in the hare.
He thought that the beat had a good vibe.
The toddler crawled onto the bed.
She ordered a margarita after the beer. 
His big feet are disproportionate. 
The bird poked its head out of the hatch.
Blood spurted out of the rupture. 
The body of the dress is shapeless.
A neuron is the fundamental unit of the brain. 
The disorganized room is full of broken things.
There’s a mousetrap in the building entrance. 
The inflammable jacket will never burn. 
Her business needed to take out a loan.
The camera focus causes low quality photos.
The food is neatly and carefully arranged. 
The challenge's burden scared her.
The charity event doubled the funding.
The speaker's charismatic nature is charming.
His clothes are often made of flannel. 
The grasshopper and the cockroach are friends.
He can code like a pro but can’t type.
He stole a stamp to complete his collection.
The infrastructure of the computer is weird.  
The remodeling takes two years of construction.
The steaming pot holds all she can cook. 
I will count by fives to speed it up. 
The crazy demon was just grotesque. 
The storm caused inevitable damage. 
Irish folk dance requires fast footwork.
It’s unwise and dangerous to take it on. 
The plan is to deceive and bribe him quickly. 
Her dedication mirrored her commitment.
Not deliberately, he arbitrarily asked her out. 
She wants to intercept the delivery. 
In her mind, yogurt doesn’t replace dessert.
The switch on the device popped off. 
They want to dig for another fossil.
Fondue for dinner is her favorite.
Abnormal results show the onset of disease. 
Distill and dissolve the issue immediately. 
Conspire as much as you can to disturb her. 
Do me no wrong and divulge the secret. 
You can’t be an occupational doctor. 
A dog is a great companion. 
A delicious dressing will be the garnish. 
The taxicab driver is tired of them. 
The economy didn’t predict the carpool demand. 
The poll was swarmed for the election.
He calculated the wavelength of an electron.
The simplicity of her elegance is incomparable.
Betrayal isn't an emotion you can trigger.
An unsound choice destroyed her emotionally. 
The jeep's engine gave out at the traffic light.
The housewarming event is heavily attended.
Debrief the participants in the experiment.
She is extremely grateful and infinitely proud.
The cat is feeling grumpy and prone to scratch.
The gladiator did not want to fight. 
The gator eats fish like trout. 
The spout has a shape that inhibits flow.
Her food has a lot of nutritional value. 
The garbage began to reek in the sun.
The horseshoe has pink and gold accents. 
The spectacular view made the room so great.
The shooter threw away his gun.
The model's hair was voluminous. 
Please clarify how I can help. 
The child's bony bottom is hurting her lap.
His complete ignorance creates inefficiency. 
She contracted a stomach illness from the food.
Titillate his interests to impress him.
A push of a button rotated the invention.
The investigation was unlawful.
The wind is invisible and odorless.
The job position recently closed. 
The gazelle grazed outside of the jungle.
Her meekness outweighed her kindness.
A king and an emperor had similar roles. 
The debutante was presented as a lady.
This land is his refuge.
A giggle is the most she will ever laugh.  
House arrest is a law-imposed restriction. 
She was left undecided after hearing him out.
The level of unemployment has risen.
The discovered liar is now an imposter. 
The light is so bright that he has to squint. 
Tarot cards are make-believe magic.
She wants marriage, he wants to breakup.
The material has an adhesive side. 
The course has a mathematical classification. 
The man is proud of his patented mechanism
The formulation of the medication is new.
She wants to borrow some of his money. 
A snowboarder got stuck on the mountain.
The movement is based on utopian ideals.
This movie is one adventure after the other. 
The performer forgot his sheet music. 
Migration changed the population of the nation. 
The archives contain the news since 1950. 
The scariest noise ever was the rumble.
The obligation was harmless.
A nosebleed usually doesn’t cause you pain. 
He has borderline personality disorder. 
The paradigm taught in philosophy confused her. 
Draw the picture in ink.
The pig got stuck in the lasso. 
The expulsion led to a change of plan. 
The windowsill had acquired a new plant. 
Play volleyball more often for good legs. 
She fantasizes about the pleasure of his touches. 
The poor woman is tormented by her faults.
She got probation and didn't go to prison.
The beekeeper, always a professional, stayed calm.
The shield provided little protection.
Their standard of quality is higher than yours.  
Adding ethanol produces a new reaction. 
Half of the literature she reads is medieval. 
The brother's relationship was chummy. 
A missionary is religious by definition.  
The neighborhood has a new residence or two.
The road pileup didn't clear for hours.
It was upsetting how sad she was. 
His dissertation is in material sciences.
He is happy to see flounder in the seafood section.
His hobby is to buy and sell comic books. 
She forgot to sew the last stitch.
The idea of a cheerleader is very sexy. 
Her body has the shape of an hourglass. 
The ship was off onto its next expedition.
The humor of the show is slapstick comedy.
The sign was inscribed with rules.
The play was ridiculous and silly.
The sin of a firstborn is never forgotten. 
Tanning your skin artificially causes cancer.
She genuinely is smart but doesn't work hard. 
Smiling faintly, she said goodbye. 
The solution is straightforward and effective. 
She hopes her soul will live on in eternity.
That sound came from the keyboard. 
He spoke conversationally without listening.
The microcosmic star still shines bright. 
The student reread her notes before the course. 
Good riddance to that stupid project! 
Her successful career made her legendary. 
Unrefined sugar has a grittier taste.
The suspect committed suicide in prison.
The porcelain is at the center of the table. 
Her delicate palate reacted strongly to the taste.
The entering freshman dominated the team.
The couch cushion had a plushy texture. 
He missed the time of the deadline.
The switchblade can be a dangerous tool. 
The toy is strangely lifelike.  
The sandalwood tree is yellow.
The defendant in the trial got nervous.
He tried to close the door forcibly. 
She assumed that this weather is typical. 
He is inarticulate and unaware of this issue. 
The microwave is recognizably usable.
The trip was agonizing and quite useless. 
The vacation in Hawaii was a luxury.
He did not want to know of any war casualty.
She felt clean after she could wash herself.
The poorly managed project lacks a foundation. 
I can't wear this unbuttoned to meet his parents.
The weather report didn’t predict the blizzard.
She openly and willingly answered the questions.
That word is difficult to pronounce.