His ability and assertiveness are attractive.
The playwright wanted to be accomplished.
She's angry because I offended her. 
This apartment doesn't have a big kitchen.
The commotion of applause is infectious. 
The first argument has a better explanation.
She pitilessly and argumentatively tore him apart.  
The art exhibition left many breathless.
Generally, her attitude is condescending. 
The leather bag fell from the shelf.
She could dunk the ball like a pro.
He learned quickly that bars don't cater. 
The caribou and the bear smell one another.
She tapped her foot to the rhythmic beat.
Napping in bed can be good for you.
The bartender served her a cold beer.
Cutting down the big tree is substantial.
The only bird she can see is the parrot.
Blood began to fill the wound.
She felt like her body was frumpy.
The brain has no nerve endings.
She dangerously teeters on the broken chair.
The building is a mansion for themselves.
A blowtorch will burn all night. 
He wants to invest in a better business.  
The camera shutter broke when it fell.
He explained it creatively and carefully. 
A challenge is an obstacle to overcome.
The charity is improving its allocations.
His charming smile was beguiling. 
That hat doesn't match his clothes. 
The cockroach ate the ant.
She added new code to the script.
Her souvenir collection began in childhood
She had this kind of interface on her computer. 
The flooring began the construction process
He thought a pan was all he needed to cook. 
She was able to count to a hundred.  
The crazy animal looked bloodthirsty. 
The possibility of damage made her nervous
Juggling dance and gymnastics was hard.
Aggravating the president is unpatriotic and dangerous.
The ploy was to deceive the old lady slowly.
Her dedication spurred her pursuit.  
She deliberately fell as she inadvertently slipped
The form of delivery was up to him. 
The dessert at the dinner was fruitcake.
She had to coax the device to start it. 
He didn't want to dig in the excavation.
Noodles from dinner were on the table.  
The tumor was a symptom of a disease.
Dissolve the substance and it will evaporate. 
He can disturb and aggravate anyone.
You do get punished if you misbehave. 
The doctor doesn’t deal with patient trauma. 
Her dog's temperament matched her own.
The mozzarella has an oily dressing.
The bulldozer needed a better driver.
The economy was in a slump.
The candidate was up for election.
An electron impacts the substance’s equilibrium. 
The home's grandeur signified its elegance. 
Indignation was the emotion she could identify.
Objectively, he gets her emotionally. 
A hybrid car has a different engine.
The tenth reunion was a spectacular event.
The experiment asks for a blood sample.  
She is extremely and intensely motivated. 
The baby was feeling fussy all day.
The goblin fled from the fight.
He wants more fish after catching the carp.
The leak disrupted the flow. 
The cat food today consisted of kibble.
Trash is another word for garbage.
He eventually chose the gold ring. 
The great waiter took care of his guests. 
The gun had one bullet left.
Her hair is droopy in the heat.
Stimulate the area to help it wake up. 
Hurting her hip was the worst outcome.
Their ignorance stems from their debauchery. 
The penicillin won’t cure her illness.
Misdirect his attention to impress him.
The semiconductor was a crucial invention.
The investigation is led with suspicion.
The web is almost invisible to the naked eye.
Recruitment season is a time to get a job.
Ferocious animals abound in the jungle.
His manliness and kindness are irresistible.
This king does not wear a crown.
The weird lady needed a serious makeover. 
A fence marks the border of his land.  
When I laugh I sometimes sneeze.
The applicability of the law is murky.
The unmarked turkey was from November. 
The threshold level is unreal. 
She is a pessimist and a liar. 
There isn't much light during dusk.
The psychic performed magic tricks. 
Girls fantasize about marriage after puberty.
Silicone is a bendy kind of material.
The mathematical simulation made the point
The mechanism had a handle to start it.
The medication acts as an antidote. 
His paycheck means money for the kids. 
The glacier is at the mountain top.
The movement was oppressive. 
The movie premiere had a red carpet.
I can't improvise music, unfortunately. 
Impoverishment left the nation crumbling. 
The forum argued about the news. 
The child's whispering made some noise. 
The contract outlined their obligation. 
Her migraine caused her pain.
Her subconscious impacted her personality.
Spirituality and philosophy aren’t the same.  
Printing a picture is harder than it seems.
The whinny frightened the pig. 
The execution of the plan was preemptive. 
The leafy plant looked better indoors.
He gets to play golf at his meetings.
Forced pleasure is an oxymoron. 
The poor orphan wished for his parents.
No longer a juvenile, he was sent to prison.
The skilled professional maneuvers well.
He avoids calling protection services. 
He was a stickler for good quality.
Dilute the solutions for a reaction. 
The title was too long to read. 
Intimacy is gained in a relationship.
A religious man, he gave a prayer.
The lodge looks like a personal residence.
The sidewalk runs alongside the road. 
The perplexing situation made him sad.
This applied science is very different. 
Tempura is one popular way to prepare seafood. 
The high supply changes what you sell it for.
He is quite crafty and likes to sew. 
The pervert thought her heartbeat was sexy.
The pyramid is a three-dimensional shape. 
The sail of the ship ripped in the wind.
He thinks the show is a bit melodramatic.
This was a telltale sign of love.
The unsubstantiated claims are just silly.  
Sin makes a sinner.
Her skin is prone to a pimple or two. 
She is fearless and very smart. 
He was smiling angrily.
A discrete ending to the affair is his solution.
The fact that he has a soul astounds him.
The speakerphone has great sound quality. 
He spoke pessimistically over coffee.
His star sign is Gemini.
The faculty to student ratio is high this year. 
He said a bunch of stupid baloney.
The successful actor wants more fame.  
Sugar and butter are his two big cravings.
The suspect attempted to run. 
He put the candle on the table.
The margarita has a zing to its taste.
The team was in the lead at halftime.
The jellylike texture of the milk is bad.  
They will reschedule the meeting soon.
A stapler is the most useful office tool.
The toy was jumbo sized. 
The tree smelled like spearmint.
A decision will be made during the trial. 
He tried to move the date to later. 
It is typical for her to include him
Her words were unprejudiced yet unaware.
The distinguishable product isn't usable. 
The presentation is useless and irritating. 
There's nothing like vacation in paradise.
The soldier was sent to war. 
He likes to wash himself with bar soap. 
He saw himself as weak and unattractive. 
I want to wear a handkerchief tonight.
The weather in autumn is bearable. 
He willingly and earnestly commits the crime.
Her nickname is a word used to describe goats.